doin' what comes naturally folks are dumb where i come from they ain't had any learnin' still they're happy as can be doin' what comes naturally doin' what comes naturally folks like us could never fuss with schools and books and learnin' still we've gone from a to z doin' what comes naturally doin' what comes naturally you don't have to know how to read or write when you're out with a feller in the pale moonlight you don't have to look in a book to find what he thinks of the moon or what is on his mind that comes naturally that comes naturally my uncle out in texas can't even write his name he signs his checks with x's but they cash 'em just the same if you saw my pa and ma you'd no they had no learnin' still they raised a family doin' what comes naturally doin' what comes naturally uncle jed has never read an almanac on drinkin' still he's always on a spree doin' what comes naturally doin' what comes naturally sister sal who's musical has never had a lesson still she's learned to sing off-key doin' what comes naturally doin' what comes naturally you don't have to go to a private school not to pick up a penny by a stubborn mule you don't have to have a professor's dome not to go for the honey when the bee's at home that comes naturally that comes naturally my tiny baby brother who's never read a book knows one sex from the other all he had to do was look grandpa bill lives on the hill with someone he just married there he is at ninety-three doin' what comes naturally doin' what comes naturally sister lou ain't got a sou although she goes out shoppin' she gets all her stockings free doin' what comes naturally doin' what comes naturally cousin nell can't add or spell but she left school with honors she got every known degree for doin' what comes naturally doin' what comes naturally you don't have to come from a great big town not to clean out a stable in an evening gown you don't have to mix with the vanderbilt's not to take off your panties when you're wearing kilts that comes naturally that comes naturally my mother's cousin carrie won't ever change her name she doesn't want to marry and her children feel the same sister rose has lots of beaus although we have no parlor she does fine behind a tree doin' what comes naturally doin' what comes naturally the girl that i marry the girl that i marry will have to be as soft and as pink as a nursery the girl i call my own will wear satins and laces and smell of cologne her nails will be polished and, in her hair she'll wear a gardenia and i'll be there 'stead of flittin', i'll be sittin' next to her and she'll purr like a kitten a doll i can carry, the girl that i marry must be the girl that i marry will have to be as soft and as pink as a nursery the girl i call my own will wear satins and laces and smell of cologne her nails will be polished and, in her hair she'll wear a gardenia and i'll be there 'stead of flittin', i'll be sittin' next to her and she'll purr like a kitten a doll i can carry, the girl that i marry must be you can't get a man with a gun oh, my mother was frightened by a shotgun, they say that's why i'm such a wonderful shot i'd be out in the cactus and i'd practice all day and now tell me what have i got? i'm quick on the trigger with targets not much bigger than a pinpoint i'm number one but my score with a feller is lower than a cellar oh, you can't get a man with a gun when i'm with a pistol, i sparkle like a crystal yes, i shine like the morning sun but i lose all my luster, when with a bronco buster oh, you can't get a man with a gun with a gun, with a gun no, you can't get a man with a gun if i went to battle with someone's herd of cattle you'd have steak when the job was done but, if i shot the herder, they'd holler bloody murder and you can't shoot a male in the tail like a quail oh, you can't get a man with a gun if i shot a rabbit some furrier would grab it for a coat that would warm someone but you can't shoot a lover and use him for a cover oh, you can't get a man with a gun the gals with umbrellas are always out with fellers in the rain or the blazin' sun but a man never trifles with gals who carry rifles oh, you can't get a man with a gun with a gun, with a gun no, you can't get a man with a gun a tom, dick, or harry will build a house for carrie when the preacher has made them one but he can't build you houses with buckshot in his trousers for a man may be hot but he's not when he's shot oh, you can't get a man with a gun there's no business like show business there's no business like show business like no business i know everything about it is appealing everything that traffic will allow nowhere could you get that happy feeling when you are stealing that extra bow there's no people like show people they smile when they are low yesterday they told you you would not go far that night you open, and there you are next day on your dressing room, they've hung a star let's go on with the show the cowboys, the wrestlers, the tumblers, the clowns the roustabouts that move the show at dawn the music, the spotlights, the people, the towns your baggage with the labels pasted on the sawdust and the horses and the smell the towel you've taken from the last hotel there's no business like show business like no business i know you get word before the show has started that your favorite uncle died at dawn and top of that, your pa and ma have parted you're broken-hearted, but you go on there's no people like show people they smile when they are low angels come from everywhere with lots of jack and when you lose it, there's no attack where could you get money that you don't give back? let's go on with the show the costumes, the scenery, the makeup, the props the audience that lifts you when you're down the headaches, the heartaches, the backaches, the flops the sheriff who'll escort you out of town the opening when your heart beats like a drum the closing when the customers won't come there's no business like show business like no business i know everything about it is appealing everything that traffic will allow nowhere could you get that happy feeling when you are stealing that extra bow there's no people like show people they smile when they are low even with a turkey that you know will fold you may be stranded out in the cold still you wouldn't change it for a sack of gold let's go on with the show let's go on with the show anything you can do and now little lady, if you'll kindly step up to the parapet i'll give you a lesson in marksmanship you couldn't give me a lesson in long distance spittin' anything you can do i can do better i can do anything better than you no, you can't yes, i can no, you can't yes, i can no, you can't yes, i can yes, i can anything you can be i can be greater sooner or later i'm greater than you no, you're not yes, i am no, you're not yes, i am no, you're not yes, i am, yes i am i can shoot a partridge with a single cartridge i can get a sparrow with a bow and arrow i can live on bread and cheese and only on that? yes so can a rat any note you can reach i can go higher i can sing anything higher than you no, you can't yes, i can no, you can't yes, i can no, you can't yes, i can no, you can't yes, i can no, you can't yes, i can anything you can buy i can buy cheaper i can buy anything cheaper than you fifty cents forty cents thirty cents twenty cents no, you can't yes, i can yes, i can anything you can say i can say softer i can say anything softer than you no, you can't yes, i can no, you can't yes, i can no, you can't yes, i can yes, i can i can drink my liquor faster than a flicker i can do it quicker and get even sicker i can open any safe without being caught? sure that's what i thought you crook any note you can hold i can hold longer i can hold any note longer than you no, you can't yes, i can no, you can't yes, i can no, you can't yes, i can yes i can yes, you can anything you can wear i can wear better in what you wear i'd look better than you in my coat in your vest in my shoes in your hat no, you can't yes, i can yes, i can anything you can say i can say faster i can say anything faster than you no, you can't yes, i can no, you can't yes, i can no, you can't yes, i can no, you can't yes, i can yes, i can i can jump a hurdle i can wear a girdle i can knit a sweater i can fill it better i can do most anything can you bake a pie? no neither can i anything you can sing i can sing sweeter i can sing anything sweeter than you no, you can't yes, i can no, you can't oh, yes, i can no, you can't yes, i can no, you can't yes, i can no, you can't, can't, can't yes, i can, can, can, can no, you can't yes, i can all by myself all by myself in the morning all by myself in the night i sit alone in my cozy morris chair so unhappy there, playing solitaire i'm all by myself and i get lonely (yes, as he gets lonesome by himself) watching the clock on the shelf i'd love to rest my weary head on somebody's shoulder (just lay it here) i hate to grow older all by myself puttin' on the ritz have you seen the well-to-do up and down park avenue on that famous thoroughfare with their noses in the air high hats and arrow collars white spats and lots of dollars spending every dime for a wonderful time if you're blue and you don't know where to go to why don't you go where fashion sits puttin' on the ritz different types who wear a day coat, pants with stripes and cutaway coat, perfect fits puttin' on the ritz dressed up like a million dollar trouper trying mighty hard to look like gary cooper (super duper) come let's mix where rockefellers walk with sticks or umberellas in their mitts puttin' on the ritz if you're blue and you don't know where to go to why don't you go where fashion sits (puttin' on the ritz) (puttin' on the ritz) (puttin' on the ritz) (i'll see you in) cuba not so far from here there's a very lively atmosphere everybody's going there this year and there's a reason; the season opened last july ever since the usa went dry everybody's going there and i'm going too! i'm on my way to cuba that's where i'm going cuba, that's where i'll stay; cuba, where wine is flowing and where dark eyed stellas light their fella's panatellas cuba, where all is happy cuba, where all is gay! why don't you plan a wonderful trip to havana? hop on a ship and i'll see you in c-u-b-a take a friend's advice; drinking in a cellar isn't nice! anybody who has got the price should be a cuban have you been longing for a smile that you haven't had for quite a while? if you have, then follow me and i'll show the way! come on along to cuba that's where i'm going cuba, that's where i'll stay; cuba, where wine is flowing and where dark eyed stellas light their fella's panatellas cuba, where all is happy cuba, where all is gay! with so much scotch and rye on the table i'll drink till i won't be able to see you in c-u-b-a! blue skies blue skies smilin' at me nothin' but blue skies do i see bluebirds singin' a song nothin' but bluebirds all day long never saw the sun shinin' so bright never saw things goin' so right noticing the days hurrying by when you're in love, my how they fly blue days, all of them gone nothin' but blue skies from now on (blue skies smilin' at me nothin' but blue skies do i see) never saw the sun shinin' so bright never saw things goin' so right noticing the days hurrying by when you're in love, my how they fly blue days, all of them gone nothin' but blue skies from now on nothin' but blue skies from now on everybody step everybody step to the syncopated rhythm let's be goin' with 'em when they begin you'll be sayin' yes sir, the band is grand he's the best professor in all the land! listen to the pep that emerges from the middle of the jazzy fiddle under his chin oh, what music, the clarinetter couldn't be better! hear that strain, i don't know just what it is but it's great! they simply ruin it look at 'em doin' it! come come, don't hesitate! everybody step if you want to see a glutton when it comes to struttin' over the ground; wait till you see my little sweetie and me step step steppin' around! it only happens when i dance with you it only happens when i dance with you that trip to heaven 'till the dance is through with no one else do the heavens seem quite so near why does it happen dear only with you? two cheeks together can be so divine but only when those cheeks are yours and mine i've danced with dozens of others the whole night through but the thrill that comes with spring when anything could happen that only happens with you i want to go back to michigan i was born in michigan and i wish and wish again that i was back in the town where i was born there's a farm in michigan and i'd like to fish again in the river that flows beside the field of waving corn a lonesome soul am i here's the reason why i want to go back, i want to go back i want to go back to the farm far away from harm with a milk pail on my arm i miss the rooster, the one that use-ter wake me up at 4am i think your great big city's very pretty nevertheless i want to be there i want to see there a certain someone full of charm that's why i wish again that i was in michigan, down on the farm i want to go back, i want to go back i want to go back to that old farm far away from harm with a milk pail on my arm i miss the rooster, the rooster that use-ter to wake me up at 4am i think your great big city's very pretty nevertheless i want to be there i want to see there a certain someone full of charm that's why i wish again that i was in michigan, down on the farm steppin' out with my baby i'm steppin' out with my baby can't go wrong 'cause i'm in right it's for sure, not for maybe that i'm all dressed up tonight steppin' out with my honey can't be bad to feel so good never felt quite so sunny and i keep on knockin' wood there'll be smooth sailin' 'cause i'm trimmin' my sails with my top hat and my white tie and my tails steppin' out with my baby can't go wrong 'cause i'm in right ask me when will that day be the big day may be tonight if i seem to scintillate it's because i've got a date a date with a package of the good things that come with love you don't have to ask me i won't waste your time but if you should ask me why i feel sublime, dance there'll be smooth sailin' 'cause i'm trimmin' my sails in my top hat and my white tie and my tails i'm steppin' out with my baby can't go wrong 'cause i'm in right ask me when will that day be the big day may be tonight, what a night a couple of swells we're a couple of swells we stop at the best hotels but we prefer the country far away from the city smells we're a couple of sports the pride of the tennis courts in june, july, and august we look cute when we're dressed in shorts the vanderbilts have asked us up for tea we don't know how to get there no siree no siree we would drive up the avenue but we haven't got the price we would skate up the avenue but there isn't any ice we would ride on a bicycle but we haven't got a bike so we'll walk up the avenue yes, we'll walk up the avenue 'cause to walk up the avenue's what we like wall street bankers are we with plenty of currency we'd open up the safe but we forgot where we put the key we're the favorite lads of girls in the picture ads we'd like to tell you who we kissed last night but we can't be cads the vanderbilts are waiting at the club but how are we to get there that's the rub that's the rub we would sail up the avenue but we haven't got a yacht we would drive up the avenue but the horse we had was shot we would ride on a trolley car but we haven't got the fare so we'll walk up the avenue yes, we'll walk up the avenue yes, we'll walk up the avenue 'til we're there we would swim up the avenue but we haven't got a lake so we'll walk up the avenue yes, we'll walk up the avenue yes, we'll walk up the avenue's what we'll take better luck next time better luck next time that could never be because they're ain't gonna be no next time for me no siren made up my mind to make another start i've made my mind up but i can't make up my heart i'd like the new lucky day that would be nice but this comes just once in a lifetime not twice so don't say better luck next time. that can never be because there ain't gonna be no next time for me so don't say better luck next time. that can never be because there ain't gonna be no next time for me i'll capture your heart here she comes, down the street my, oh my, ain't she sweet? why, here comes my hot toddy look out, over my dead body i'll capture her heart singing just wait until she gets a load of my dancing just wait till i start singing i'll take her strolling down the road with my dancing i can't go wrong, a tender song and she'll discover my charms some fancy taps and she'll collapse and fall right into my arms, get him i'll capture her heart singing oh no, you haven't a chance when i go into my dance i'll take you through life singing i'll make you my wife dancing if you could dance instead of sing i'd learn to love you somehow if you could sing instead of dance i'd take you home with me now the way you sing don't mean a thing you'd better stick to your dance and as for you, your dance won't do you'll have to sing for romance i'll capture her heart i'll capture her heart singing dancing white christmas i'm dreaming of a white christmas just like the ones i used to know where the treetops glisten and children listen to hear sleigh bells in the snow i'm dreaming of a white christmas with every christmas card i write may your days be merry and bright and may all your christmases be white i'm dreaming of a white christmas just like the ones i used to know where the treetops glisten and children listen to hear (to hear the sleigh bells in the snow) i'm dreaming of a white christmas with every christmas card i write may your days be merry and bright and may all your christmases be white happy holiday happy holiday, happy holiday while the merry bells keep ringing may your every wish come true happy holiday, happy holiday may the calendar keep bringing happy holidays to you if you're burdened down with trouble if your nerves a wearing thin park your load down the road and come to holiday inn if the traffic noise affects you like a squeaky violin kick your cares down the stairs come to holiday inn if you can't find someone who will set your heart a-whirl take your car and motor to the home of boy meets girl if you're laid-up with a breakdown throw away your vitamin don't get worse, grab your nurse and come to holiday inn happy holiday, happy holiday while the merry bells keep ringing may your every wish come true happy holiday, happy holiday may the calendar keep bringing happy holidays to you happy holiday, happy holiday while the merry bells keep ringin' may your every wish come true happy holiday, happy holiday may the calendar keep bringin' happy holidays to you easter parade in your easter bonnet with all the frills upon it you'll be the grandest lady in the easter parade i'll be all in clover and when they look you over i'll be the proudest fellow in the easter parade on the avenue, fifth avenue the photographers will snap us and you'll find that you're in the rotogravure oh, i could write a sonnet about your easter bonnet and of the girl i'm taking to the easter parade on the avenue, fifth avenue the photographers will snap us and you'll find that you're in the rotogravure oh, i could write a sonnet about your easter bonnet and of the girl i'm taking to the easter parade i've got plenty to be thankful for i've got plenty to be thankful for i haven't got great big yacht to sail from shore to shore still i've got plenty to be thankful for i've got plenty to be thankful for no private car, no caviar no carpet on my floor still i've got plenty to be thankful for i've got eyes to see with, ears to hear with arms to hug with, lips to kiss with someone to adore how could anybody ask for more? my needs are small, i buy 'em all at the five and ten cent store oh, i've got plenty to be thankful for i've got eyes to see with, ears to hear with arms to hug with, lips to kiss with someone to adore how could anybody ask for more? my needs are small, buy 'em all five and ten cent store oh, i've got plenty to be thankful for play a simple melody stop! in days of yore before the war when hearts now old were young at home each night by firelight these dear old songs were sung sweet melodies and memories around my heart still cling that's why i like to hear a song like mother used to sing won't you play a simple melody like my mother sang to me? one with good old-fashioned harmony play a simple melody musical demon sets you honey a-dreaming won't you play me some rag? just change that classical nag to some sweet beautiful drag if you will play from the copy of a tune that is choppy you'll get all my applause and that is simply because i want to listen to rag musical demon sets you honey a-dreaming play a simple melody but won't you play me some rag? just change that classical nag like my mother sang to to some sweet beautiful drag me if you will play from the copy one with good oldof a tune that is choppy fashioned harmony you'll get all my applause and that is simply because play a simple melody i want to hear some ragtime music ragtime music, ragtime that's what you wanna hear ragtime music, ragtime a sweet song with a sigh and a tear a good old ragtime simple melody alexander's ragtime band come on and hear, come on and hear alexander's ragtime band come on and hear, come on and hear it's the best band in the land they can play a bugle call like you never heard before so natural that you want to go to war that's just the bestest band what am my honey lamb come on along, come on along let me take you by the hand up to the man, up to the man who's the leader of the band and if you care to hear the swanee river played in ragtime come on and hear, come on and hear alexander's ragtime that raggy beat gets in your feet come on and meet alexander's ragtime band ah, come un zee hear ja? come un zee hear alexander's ragtime band ach, du liebe, shee, come see un hear ein, zwei, drei, vier that's the best what am in the land if you want to hear the swanee river spieled ragtime come hear, ach, ja das oompah pah pah alexander's ragtime band alexander's ragtime band alexander's ragtime band come on and hear (hoot, man) come on and hear (hoot, man) alexander's ragtime band come on and hear (hoot, man) come on and hear (hoot, man) it's the best band in the land and if you care to hear the swanee river played in ragtime come on and hear, come on and hear the bonnie music of alexander's ragtime band hoot, man! alexander's ragtime band allons, mon cher, attention! alexander, oh-la-la ã�coutez, amis, ã©coutez, amis alexander, ooh! touchã© and if you care to hear vraiment magnifique, zee swanee river in ragtime allons, allons, marchons, marchons alexander's band oui, certainement! come on along, come on along let me take you by the hand up to the man, up to the man who's the leader of the band come on and hear alexander's ragtime band come on and hear, come on and hear it's the best band in the land honey lamb come on, come on along let me take you by the hand up to the maestro, that man the leader of the band i want to hear that swanee, swanee river play it, play it, play that ragtime hear, hear, hear, hear alexander's band is here it must be the man it must be alexander hey, hear the band, dance with the band they're here, come on and hear alexander's ragtime band come on, come on, it's the best band in the land if you hear that bugle call that's about the bestest band what am honey lamb, come on come on along, come on along i want to take you by the hand up to the man, up to the man the leader of the band and if you want that swanee river played in ragtime come on along, come on along come on along, come on along to see and hear that alexander's ragtime band let's have another cup of coffee and when i say coffee, i don't mean just any coffee. i mean shelby's aerated, vacuumized flavor in the bean coffee, which comes in three delicious grinds: instant, perk, and drip so let's have another cup of coffee yes, have another cup of shelby's aerated coffee and let's have another piece of pie remember remember the night, the night you said i love you? remember? remember my love, all the stars above you? remember? remember, we vowed to own this spot and after i learnt to care a lot you promised that you'd forget me not but you forgot to remember you'd be surprised she's not so good in the house but on a bench in a park you'd be surprised she isn't much in the light but when she gets in the dark you'd be surprised at a party or a ball i got to admit, she's nothin' at all but in the morris chair you'd be surprised a real nice clambake this was a real nice clambake, we’re mighty glad we came. the vittles we et were good, you bet! the company was the same. our hearts are warm, our bellies are full, and we are feelin’ prime. this was a real nice clambake and we all had a real good time! fust come codfish chowder, cooked in iron kettles, onions floatin’ on the top, curlin’ up in petals! throwed in ribbons of salted pork— an old new england trick— and lapped it all up with a clamshell, tied on to a bayberry stick! oh-h-h— this was a real nice clambake, we’re mighty glad we came. the vittles we et were good, you bet! the company was the same. our hearts are warm, our bellies are full, and we are feelin’ prime. this was a real nice clambake and we all had a real good time! remember when we raked them red-hot lobsters out of the driftwood fire? they sizzled and crackled and sputtered a song fitten fer an angels’ choir. fitten fer an angels’, fitten fer an angels’, fitten fer an angels’ choir! we slit ’em down the back and peppered ’em good, and doused ’em in melted butter— then we tore away the claws and cracked ’em with our teeth ’cause we weren’t in the mood to putter! fitten fer an angels’, fitten fer an angels’, fitten fer an angels’ choir! then at last come the clams— steamed under rockweed an’ poppin’ from their shells— jest how many of ’em galloped down our gullets— we couldn’t say oursel’s! oh-h-h— this was a real nice clambake, we’re mighty glad we came. the vittles we et were good, you bet! the company was the same. our hearts are warm, our bellies are full, and we are feelin’ prime. this was a real nice clambake and we all had a real good time! we said it afore— and we’ll say it agen— we all had a real good time! blow high, blow low blow high, blow low! a-whalin’ we will go! we’ll go a-whalin’, a-sailin’ away. away we’ll go, blow me high and low! for many and many a long, long day! for many and many a long, long day! the people who live on land are hard to understand— when you’re lookin’ for fun they clap you into jail! so i’m shippin’ off to sea, where life is gay and free, and a feller can flip a hook in the hip of a whale. blow high, blow low! a-whalin’ we will go! we’ll go a-whalin’, a-sailin’ away. away we’ll go, blow me high and low! for many and many a long, long day. for many and many a long, long day! it’s wonderful just to feel your hands upon a wheel and to listen to wind a-whistlin’ in a sail, or to climb aloft and be the very first to see a chrysanthemum spout come out o’ the snout of a whale! blow high, blow low! a-whalin’ we will go! we’ll go a-whalin’, a-sailin’ away, away we’ll go, blow me high and low! for many and many a long, long day! for many and many a long, long day! a-rockin’ upon the sea, your boat will seem to be like a dear little baby in her bassinet, for she hasn’t learned to walk, and she hasn’t learned to talk, and her little behind is kind of inclined to be wet! blow high, blow low! a-whalin’ we will go! we’ll go a-whalin’, a-sailin’ away, away we’ll go, blow me high and low! for many and many a long, long day! for many and many a long, long day! geraniums in the winder geraniums in the winder, hydrangeas on the lawn, and breakfast in the kitchen in the timid pink of dawn, and you to blow me kisses when i headed fer the sea— we might hev been a happy pair of lovers— mightn’t hev we? and comin’ home at twilight, it might hev been so sweet to take my ketch of herring and lay them at your feet! i might hev hed a baby to dandle on my knee, but all these things that might hev been are never, never to be! if i loved you that your name? julie? julie somethin’? julie jordan. you’re a queer one, julie jordan. ain’t you sorry that you didn’t run away? you can still go, if you wanta— i reckon that i keer t’choose t’stay. you couldn’t take my money if i didn’t hev any, and i don’t hev a penny, that’s true! and if i did hev money you couldn’t take any ’cause you’d ask, and i’d give it to you! you’re a queer one, julie jordan. have y’ever had a feller you give money to? no. ain’t y’ever had a feller at all? no. well y’musta had a feller you went walkin’ with— yes. where’d you walk? nowhere special i recall. in the woods? no. on the beach? no. did you love him? no! never loved no one—i told you that! say, you’re a funny kid. want to go into town and dance maybe? or— no. i have to be keerful. of what? my character. y’see, i’m never goin’ to marry. i’m never goin’ to marry. if i was goin’ to marry, i wouldn’t hev t’be sech a stickler. but i’m never goin’ to marry, and a girl who don’t marry has got to be much more pertickler! suppose i was to say to you that i’d marry you? you? that scares you, don’t it? you’re thinkin’ what that cop said. no, i ain’t. i never paid no mind to what he said. but you wouldn’t marry anyone like me, would you? yes, i would, if i loved you. it wouldn’t make any difference what you—even if i died fer it. how do you know what you’d do if you loved me? or how you’d feel—or any thin’? i dunno how i know. ah— jest the same, i know how i—how it’d be—if i loved you. when i worked in the mill, weavin’ at the loom i’d gaze absentminded at the roof, and half the time the shuttle’d tangle in the threads, and the warp’d get mixed with the woof… if i loved you— but you don’t. no, i don’t… but somehow i ken see jest exackly how i’d be… if i loved you, time and again i would try to say all i’d want you to know. if i loved you, words wouldn’t come in an easy way— round in circles i’d go! longin’ to tell you, but afraid and shy, i’d let my golden chances pass me by. soon you’d leave me, off you would go in the mist of day, never, never to know how i loved you— if i loved you. well, anyway—you don’t love me. that’s what you said. yes…i can smell them, can you? the blossoms. the wind brings them down. ain’t much wind tonight. hardly any. you can’t hear a sound—not the turn of a leaf, nor the fall of a wave, hittin’ the sand. the tide’s creepin’ up on the beach like a thief, afraid to be caught stealin’ the land. on a night like this i start to wonder what life is all about. and i always say two heads are better than one, to figger it out. i don’t need you or anyone to help me. i got it figgered out for myself. we ain’t important. what are we? a couple of specks of nothin’. look up there. there’s a helluva lot o’ stars in the sky, and the sky’s so big the sea looks small, and two little people— you and i— we don’t count at all. you’re a funny kid. don’t remember ever meetin’ a girl like you. you—are you tryin’ t’get me to marry you? no. then what’s puttin’ it into my head? you’re different all right. don’t know what it is. you look up at me with that little kid face like—like you trusted me. i wonder what it’d be like. what? nothin’. i know what it’d be like. it’d be awful. i can just see myself— kinda scrawny and pale, pickin’ at my food, and lovesick like any other guy— i’d throw away my sweater and dress up like a dude in a dickey and a collar and a tie… if i loved you— but you don’t. no i don’t. but somehow i can see just exactly how i’d be. if i loved you, time and again i would try to say all i’d want you to know. if i loved you, words wouldn’t come in an easy way— round in circles i’d go! longin’ to tell you, but afraid and shy, i’d let my golden chances pass me by. soon you’d leave me, off you would go in the mist of day, never, never to know how i loved you— if i loved you. i’m not a feller to marry anybody. even if a girl was foolish enough to want me to, i wouldn’t. don’t worry about it—billy. who’s worried! you’re right about there bein’ no wind. the blossoms are jest comin’ down by theirselves. jest their time to, i reckon. june is bustin’ out all over march went out like a lion, a-whippin’ up the water in the bay. then april cried and stepped aside, and along come pretty little may! may was full of promises, but she didn’t keep ’em quick enough fer some, and a crowd of doubtin’ thomases was predictin’ that the summer’d never come. but it’s comin’, by gum! y’ken feel it come, y’ken feel it in yer heart, y’ken see it in the ground! y’ken hear it in the trees, y’ken smell it in the breeze— look around, look around, look around! june is bustin’ out all over! all over the meadow and the hill, buds’re bustin’ outa bushes, and the rompin’ river pushes ev’ry little wheel that wheels beside a mill. june is bustin’ out all over! the feelin’ is gettin’ so intense that the young virginia creepers hev been huggin’ the bejeepers outa all the mornin’-glories on the fence. because it’s june! june—june—june— jest because it’s june—june—june! fresh and alive and gay and young, june is a love song, sweetly sung. june is bustin’ out all over! the saplin’s are bustin’ out with sap! love he’s found my brother, junior! and my sister’s even lunier! and my ma is gettin’ kittenish with pap! june is bustin’ out all over! to ladies the men are payin’ court. lotsa ships are kept at anchor jest because the captains hanker fer a comfort they ken only get in port! because it’s june! june—june—june— jest because it’s june—june—june! june makes the bay look bright and new, sails gleamin’ white on sunlit blue. june is bustin’ out all over! the ocean is full of jacks and jills. with her little tail a-swishin’ ev’ry lady fish is wishin’ that a male would come and grab her by the gills! june is bustin’ out all over! the sheep aren’t sleepin’ any more. all the rams that chase the ewe sheep are determined there’ll be new sheep, and the ewe sheep aren’t even keepin’ score! on accounta it’s june! june—june—june— jest because it’s june—june—june! june is bustin’ out all over, the beaches are crowded ev’ry night. from penobscot to augusty all the boys are feelin’ lusty, and the girls ain’t even puttin’ up a fight. because it’s june! june—june—june— jest because it’s june—june—june! june is bustin’ out all over! the flowers are bustin’ from their seed! and the pleasant life of riley that is spoken of so highly is the life that ev’rybody wants to lead! because it’s june! june—june—june— jest because it’s june—june—june! my father says that children keep growing, rivers keep flowing too. my father says he doesn’t know why, but somehow or other they do. they do! some how or other they do. a hundred million miracles, a hundred million miracles are happening every day, and those who say they don’t agree are those who do not hear or see. a hundred million miracles, a hundred million miracles are happening ev’ry day! an idle poet makes words on a page, writes on a page with his brush, a musical friend makes notes to blend suggested by an idle thrush. a hundred million miracles. then a young soprano who reads what they wrote, learns every note, every word, puts all they wrote in her lovely throat, and suddenly a song is heard! a hundred million miracles, a hundred million miracles are happening every day. a poem, a singer, and a tune can fly together to the moon! a hundred million miracles… in ev’ry single minute so much is going on, along the yangtse kiang or the tiber or the don. a hundred million miracles… a little girl in chungking, just thirty inches tall, decides that she will try to walk and nearly doesn’t fall! a hundred million miracles! a hundred million miracles, a hundred million miracles, a hundred million miracles are happening every day! my father says the sun will keep rising over the eastern hill. my father says he doesn’t know why but somehow or other it will. it will! somehow or other it will. a hundred million miracles, a hundred million miracles are happening every day, and those who say they don’t agree are those who do not hear or see. my father says the sun will keep rising, the sun will keep rising, the sun will keep rising… chop suey! chop suey! good and bad, intelligent, mad and screwy. violins and trumpets and drums— take it all the way that it comes. sad and funny, sour and honeydewy— chop suey! chop suey! welcome to club chop suey, where east meets west seven swinging nights a week. tonight sammy has prepared, for your pleasure, ancient chinese delicacy! wang & chop suey! ba-doowow! chop suey! chop suey! yah! chop suey! here at uncle sammy’s we offer you one from column a. or… you could choose one from column b. and don’t forget msg. for “more – stunning – girls!” show we deliver! chop suey… suey… suey… feeling hungry yet? aiii… yah! i know i am, and i just ate an hour ago! some of you may be wondering, “what are those long wooden things on my plate?” these are called chopsticks… chop-chop-chop-chew-wah! and they’re so much fun to use. chop-chop-chop-chew-wah! just grab a pair… chop-chop. squeeze, lift to your mouth and… chop-chop-chop and ooo-eee! yah! chop suey! can you dig it? all the way to china! chop suey… chop chop chop! chop suey… chop chop chop! chop suey… chop chop chop! chop suey! chop chop chop chew-ah! you are young and beautiful, sweet as the breath of may. earnestly i speak to you— weigh every word i say: if you want to have a rosy future and be happy as a honey bee with a missus who will always love you, baby, don’t marry me! if you want a man you can depend on, i can absolutely guarantee i will never fail to disappoint you, baby, don’t marry me! i eat litchi nuts and cookies in bed, and i fill the bed with nutshells and crumbs. i have irritating habits you’ll dread, like the way i have of cracking my thumbs! my grandpa was a big game hunter, he met grandma swinging on a tree— if you want to have attractive children, baby, don’t marry me! i’m devoted to my dear old mama and if me and mama disagree, i would always side with her against you, schnookie, don’t marry me! i would always like to know where you go— i don’t like a wife to keep me in doubt. honey, that’s a thing that’s easy to know: you will always know where i am—i’m out! i am talking like a chinese uncle, i am serious as i can be, i am saying this because i love you, darling, don’t marry me! marry a dope, innocent and gaga. marry a khan— ali or the aga. marry for money or marry for free, but don’t marry me! honorable ladies and gentle welcome to the grand opening of the jewel of new chinatown – club chop suey! fan tan fannie was leaving her man, fan tan fannie kept waving her fan, said, “goodbye, danny, you two-timing dan, some other man loves your little fannie! bye, bye! in the icebox you’ll find in a can, some leftovers of moo goo gai pan. fan tan fannie has found a new guy, his name is manny, he’s good for fannie, so goodbye, danny, goodbye.” “fan tan fannie! fan tan fannie!” “bye bye!” “fan tan fannie has found a new guy, his name is manny, he’s good for fannie, so goodbye, danny, goodbye! bye bye! bye bye! hope you like moo goo gai pan!” i am a vagabond sailor, all my friends call me “sport.” i am a fellow for action, any storm in a port. now that i’m home and i’m resting, home from over the sea, all of the girls who adored me go gliding through my memoree! they are gliding through his memoree! wang a sweet colleen from ireland, her hair was fiery red, her eyes gave out a green light that said i could go ahead. i met a girl in sweden of whom i grew quite fond, a stately scandinavian type, a buxom, blue-eyed blonde. and then, in merry england, a girl who worshipped me, gliding through my memoree— that’s how i see them, gliding through my memoree! hey sport, there are many more girls. wang in sunny barcelona, a dancing chick i picked. her castanets were clicking like nothing ever clicked! a very friendly ma’mselle in oo-la-la paree she was a girl who couldn’t say anything but oui! ’twas fun to cast an anchor in lovely casablanker. i loved a grecian doll and another doll in holland, but of all the girls in every hemisphere, there is no one like the girl i have right here— right here on… grant avenue, san francisco, california, u.s.a. yes, grant avenue. where is that? san francisco! that’s where’s that! california, u.s.a! i am going to like it here. there is something about the place, an encouraging atmosphere, like a smile on a friendly face. there is something about the place, so caressing and warm it is – like a smile on a friendly face, like a port in a storm it is! so caressing and warm it is, all the people are so sincere – like a port in a storm it is, i am going to like it here! all the people are so sincere, there’s especially one i like. i am going to like it here. it’s the father’s first son i like! there’s especially one i like, there is something about his face. it’s the father’s first son i like— he’s the reason i love the place. there is something about his face, i would follow him anywhere. if he goes to another place, i am going to like it there! i’m a girl and by me that’s only great! i am proud that my silhouette is curvy, that i walk with a sweet and girlish gait, with my hips kind of swively and swervy. i adore being dressed in something frilly when my date comes to get me at my place. out i go with my joe or john or billy, like a filly who is ready for the race! when i have a brand-new hairdo, with my eyelashes all in curl, i float as the clouds on air do— i enjoy being a girl! when men say i’m cute and funny, and my teeth aren’t teeth, but pearl, i just lap it up like honey— i enjoy being a girl! i flip when a fellow sends me flowers, i drool over dresses made of lace, i talk on the telephone for hours with a pound and a half of cream upon my face! i’m strictly a female female, and my future, i hope, will be in the home of a brave and free male who’ll enjoy being a guy having a girl like me! i enjoy being a girl! i enjoy being a girl! i flip when a fellow sends me flowers, i drool over dresses made of lace, i talk on the telephone for hours with a pound and a half of cream upon my face! when i have a brand-new hairdo, with my eyelashes all in curl, i float as the clouds on air do— i enjoy being a girl! when someone with eyes that smoulder, says he loves every silken curl that falls on my ivory shoulder— i enjoy being a girl! when i hear a complimentary whistle that greets my bikini by the sea, i turn and i glower and i bristle— but i’m happy to know the whistle’s meant for me! oh, baby, that whistle’s meant for me! i’m strictly a female female, and my future, i hope, will be in the home of a brave and free male who’ll enjoy being a guy having a girl like… she’s a girl and by me that’s only great! me! she’s a girl and by me that’s only great! no use waitin’ up fer me! you’ll have to be a little more standoffish, when fellers offer you a buggy ride. i’ll give a imitation of a crawfish, and dig myself a hole where i c’n hide. i heared how you was kickin’ up some capers when i was off in kansas city, mo. i heared some things you couldn’t print in papers, from fellers who been talkin’ like they know! foot! i only did the kind of things i orta—sorta, to you i was as faithful as c’n be, fer me. them stories ’bout the way i lost my bloomers—rumors! a lot of tempest in a pot o’ tea! the whole thing don’t sound very good to me. i go and sow my last wild oat! i cut out all shenanigans! i save my money—don’t gamble er drink, in the backroom down at flannigan’s! i give up lotsa other things, a gentleman never mentions— but before i give up any more, i wanta know your intentions! with me it’s all er nuthin’! is it all er nuthin’ with you? it cain’t be “in between” it cain’t be “now and then” no half-and-half romance will do! i’m a one-woman man, home-lovin’ type, all complete with slippers and pipe. take me like i am er leave me be! if you cain’t give me all, give me nuthin’— and nuthin’s whut you’ll git from me! not even sump’n? nuthin’s whut you’ll git from me! it cain’t be “in between”? uh-uh. it cain’t be “now and then”? no half-and-half romance will do! would you build me a house, all painted white, cute and clean and purty and bright? big enough fer two but not fer three! supposin’ ’at we should have a third one? he better look a lot like me! the spit an’ image! he better look a lot like me! with you it’s all er nuthin’— all fer you and nuthin’ fer me! but if a wife is wise, she’s gotta realize, that men like you are wild and free. so i ain’t gonna fuss, ain’t gonna frown, have your fun, go out on the town, stay up late and don’t come home till three, and go right off to sleep if you’re sleepy— there’s no use waitin’ up fer me! oh, ado annie! no use waitin’ up fer me! it ain’t so much a question of not knowin’ whut to do, i knowed whut’s right and wrong since i been ten. i heared a lot of stories—and i reckon they are true— about how girls’re put upon by men. i know i mustn’t fall into the pit, but when i’m with a feller—i fergit! i’m jist a girl who cain’t say no, i’m in a turrible fix. i always say “come on, le’s go!” jist when i orta say nix! when a person tries to kiss a girl i know she orta give his face a smack. but as soon as someone kisses me i somehow sorta wanta kiss him back. i’m jist a fool when lights are low. i cain’t be prissy and quaint— i ain’t the type thet c’n faint— how c’n i be whut i ain’t? i cain’t say no! whut you goin’ to do when a feller gets flirty and starts to talk purty? whut you goin’ to do? s’posin’ ’at he says ’at yer lips’re like cherries, er roses, er berries? whut you goin’ to do? s’posin’ ’at he says ’at you’re sweeter’n cream and he’s gotta have cream er die? whut you goin’ to do when he talks thet way? spit in his eye? i’m jist a girl who cain’t say no, cain’t seem to say it at all. i hate to disserpoint a beau when he is payin’ a call. fer a while i ack refined and cool, a-settin’ on the velveteen settee— i cain’t resist a romeo in a sombrero and chaps. soon as i sit on their laps somethin’ inside of me snaps— i cain’t say no! encore refrain i’m jist a girl who cain’t say no. kissin’s my favorite food. with er without the mistletoe i’m in a holiday mood. other girls are coy and hard to catch, but other girls ain’t havin’ any fun. ev’ry time i lose a wrestlin’ match i have a funny feelin’ that i won. though i c’n feel the undertow, i never make a complaint till it’s too late fer restraint, then when i want to i cain’t— i cain’t say no! trapped! tricked! hoodblinked! hambushed! friend, whut’s on yer mind? why do you walk around and around, with yer hands folded behind, and yer chin scrapin’ the ground? twenty minutes ago i am free like a breeze, free like a bird in the woodland wild, free like a gypsy, free like a child, i’m unattached. twenty minutes ago i can do what i please, flick my cigar ashes on a rug, dunk with a doughnut, drink from a jug— i’m a happy man! i’m minding my own business like i oughter, ain’t meanin’ any harm to anyone. i’m talking to a certain farmer’s daughter— then i’m looking in the muzzle of a gun! it’s gittin’ so you cain’t have any fun! ev’ry daughter has a father with a gun! it’s a scandal, it’s a outrage! how a gal gits a husband today! if you make one mistake when the moon is bright, then they tie you to a contract, so you make it ev’ry night! it’s a scandal, it’s a outrage! to make you make her honest, she will lie like hell! it’s a scandal, it’s a outrage! on our manhood it’s a blot! where is the leader who will save us and be the first man to be shot? who, me? yes, you! it’s a scandal, it’s a outrage! jist a wink and a kiss and you’re through! you’re a mess, and in less than a year, by heck! there’s a baby on your shoulder making bubbles on your neck! it’s a scandal, it’s a outrage! any farmer will tell you it’s true. a rooster in a chicken coop is better off ’n men. he ain’t the special property of just one hen! it’s a scandal, it’s a outrage! it’s a problem we must solve. we gotta start a revolution! all right, boys! revolve! i got to kansas city on a frid’y. by sattidy i l’arned a thing or two. for up to then i didn’t have an idy of whut the modren world was comin’ to. i counted twenty gas buggies goin’ by theirsel’s almost ev’ry time i tuck a walk. nen i put my ear to a bell telephone, and a strange womern started in to talk! whut next! yeah, what? whut next? ev’rythin’s up to date in kansas city. they’ve gone about as fur as they c’n go! they went and built a skyscraper seven stories high— about as high as a buildin’ orta grow. ev’rythin’s like a dream in kansas city. it’s better than a magic-lantern show. y’ c’n turn the radiator on whenever you want some heat, with ev’ry kind o’ comfort ev’ry house is all complete, you c’n walk to privies in the rain an’ never wet yer feet— they’ve gone about as fur as they c’n go! yes,sir! they’ve gone about as fur as they c’n go! ev’rythin’s up to date in kansas city. they’ve gone about as fur as they c’n go! they got a big theayter they call a burleekew. fer fifty cents you c’n see a dandy show. one of the gals was fat and pink and pretty, as round above as she was round below. i could swear that she was padded from her shoulder to her heel, but later in the second act, when she began to peel, she proved that ev’rythin’ she had was absolutely real— she went about as fur as she could go! yes,sir! she went about as fur as she could go! the floor creaks, the door squeaks, there’s a field mouse a-nibblin’ on a broom, and i set by myself like a cobweb on a shelf, by myself in a lonely room. but when there’s a moon in my winder and it slants down a beam ’crost my bed, then the shadder of a tree starts a-dancin’ on the wall and a dream starts a-dancin’ in my head. and all the things that i wish fer turn out like i want them to be, and i’m better’n that smart-aleck cowhand who thinks he is better’n me, and the girl that i want ain’t afraid of my arms, and her own soft arms keep me warm. and her long, yeller hair falls acrost my face jist like the rain in a storm… the floor creaks, the door squeaks, and the mouse starts a-nibblin’ on the broom. and the sun flicks my eyes— it was all a pack o’ lies! i ain’t gonna dream ’bout her arms no more! i ain’t gonna leave her alone! goin’ outside, git myself a bride, git me a womern to call my own. when the sky is a bright canary yellow i forget ev’ry cloud i’ve ever seen— so they call me a cockeyed optimist, immature and incurably green! i have heard people rant and rave and bellow that we’re done and we might as well be dead— but i’m only a cockeyed optimist, and i can’t get it into my head. i hear the human race is falling on its face and hasn’t very far to go, but ev’ry whip-poor-will is selling me a bill and telling me it just ain’t so! i could say life is just a bowl of jell-o and appear more intelligent and smart, but i’m stuck like a dope with a thing called hope, and i can’t get it out of my heart! not this heart! i expect every one of my crowd to make fun of my proud protestations of faith in romance. and they’ll say i’m naive as a babe to believe any fable i hear from a person in pants. fearlessly i’ll face them and argue their doubts away. loudly i’ll sing about flowers and spring. flatly i’ll stand on my little flat feet and say, love is a grand and a beautiful thing! i’m not ashamed to reveal the world-famous feeling i feel. i’m as corny as kansas in august, i’m as normal as blueberry pie. no more a smart little girl with no heart, i have found me a wonderful guy. i am in a conventional dither with a conventional star in my eye, and you will note there’s a lump in my throat when i speak of that wonderful guy. i’m as trite and as gay as a daisy in may, a cliché coming true! i’m bromidic and bright as a moon-happy night pouring light on the dew. i’m as corny as kansas in august, high as a flag on the fourth of july! if you’ll excuse an expression i use, i’m in love, i’m in love, i’m in love, i’m in love, i’m in love with a wonderful guy! mos’ people live on a lonely island lost in de middle of a foggy sea. mos’ people long fo’ another island, one where dey know dey would lak to be. bali ha’i may call you any night, any day. in your heart you’ll hear it call you: “come away, come away.” bali ha’i will whisper on de wind of de sea: “here am i, your special island! come to me, come to me!” your own special hopes, your own special dreams, bloom on de hillside and shine in de streams. if you try, you’ll find me where de sky meets de sea; “here am i, your special island! come to me, come to me!” bali ha’i, bali ha’i, bali ha’i. someday you’ll see me, floatin’ in de sunshine, my head stickin’ out f’um a low-flyin’ cloud; you’ll hear me call you, singin’ through de sunshine, sweet and clear as can be: “come to me, here am i, come to me!” if you try, you’ll find me where de sky meets de sea; “here am i, your special island! come to me, come to me!” bali ha’i, bali ha’i, bali ha’i. happy talk, keep talkin’ happy talk, talk about things you’d like to do. you gotta have a dream; if you don’t have a dream, how you gonna have a dream come true? talk about a moon floatin’ in de sky, lookin’ like a lily on a lake; talk about a bird learnin’ how to fly, makin’ all de music he can make. talk about a star lookin’ like a toy, peekin’ t’rough de branches of a tree; talk about a girl, talk about a boy, countin’ all de ripples on de sea talk about a boy sayin’ to a girl: “golly, baby! i’m a lucky cuss!” talk about de girl sayin’ to de boy: “you an’ me is lucky to be us!” happy talk, keep talkin’ happy talk, talk about things you’d like to do. you gotta have a dream; if you don’t have a dream, how you gonna have a dream come true? if you don’t talk happy an’ you never have a dream, den you’ll never have a dream come true. my doll is as dainty as a sparrow, her figure is something to applaud. where she’s narrow, she’s narrow as an arrow, and she’s broad where a broad should be broad! a hundred and one pounds of fun— that’s my little honey bun! get a load of honey bun tonight! i’m speakin’ of my sweetie pie, only sixty inches high— ev’ry inch is packed with dynamite! her hair is blonde and curly, her curls are hurly-burly. her lips are pips! i call her hips “twirly” and “whirly.” she’s my baby, i’m her pap! i’m her booby, she’s my trap! i am caught and i don’t wanta run ’cause i’m havin’ so much fun with honey bun! she’s my baby, i’m her pap! i’m her booby, she’s my trap! i am caught and i don’t wanta run ’cause i’m havin’ so much fun with honey bun… believe me, sonny! she’s a cookie who can cook you till you’re done ain’t bein’ funny! sonny, put your money on my honey bun! a hundred and one pounds of fun— that’s my little honey bun! get a load of honey bun tonight! i’m speakin’ of my sweetie pie— only sixty inches high— ev’ry inch is packed with dynamite! her hair is blonde and curly, her curls are hurly-burly. her lips are pips! i call her hips “twirly” and “whirly.” she’s my baby, i’m her pap! i’m her booby, she’s my trap! i am caught and i don’t wanta run— ’cause i’m havin’ so much fun with honey bun! and that’s the finish, and it’s time to go, for now the show is done. we hope you liked us, and we hope that when you leave your seat and run down to the mess hall you’ll enjoy your dinner each and every one. save me some turkey! and put some chestnut dressing on our honey bun! i’m gonna wash that man right outa my hair, i’m gonna wash that man right outa my hair, i’m gonna wash that man right outa my hair, and send him on his way! i’m gonna wave that man right outa my arms, i’m gonna wave that man right outa my arms, i’m gonna wave that man right outa my arms, and send him on his way! don’t try to patch it up— tear it up, tear it up! wash him out, dry him out— push him out, fly him out! cancel him and let him go— yea, sister! i’m gonna wash that man right outa my hair, i’m gonna wash that man right outa my hair, i’m gonna wash that man right outa my hair, and send him on his way! if the man don’t understand you, if you fly on separate beams, waste no time! make a change! ride that man right off your range! rub him outa the roll call and drum him outa your dreams! oh-ho! dinah: if you laugh at different comics— if you root for different teams— waste no time! weep no more! show him what the door is for! rub him outa the roll call and drum him outa your dreams! you can’t light a fire when the wood’s all wet— no! you can’t make a butterfly strong— uh-uh! you can’t fix an egg when it ain’t quite good— and you can’t fix a man when he’s wrong! you can’t put back a petal when it falls from a flower or sweeten up a feller when he starts turning sour. oh no, oh no! if his eyes get dull and fishy when you look for glints and gleams, waste no time! make a switch! drop him in the nearest ditch! rub him outa the roll call and drum him outa your dreams! oh-ho! oh-ho! i went and washed that man right outa my hair, i went and washed that man right outa my hair, i went and washed that man right outa my hair, and sent him on his way! she went and washed that man right outa her hair, she went and washed that man right outa her hair, she went and washed that man right outa her hair, and sent him on his way! i can hear them callin’ hogs in the clear ioway air. i can sniff the fragrant whiff of an ioway rose. you’ve got ioway in your heart! i’ve got ioway in my hair, i’ve got ioway in my ears and eyes and nose! oh, i know all i owe i owe ioway. i owe ioway all i owe and i know why. i am ioway born and bred and on ioway corn i’m fed, not to mention her barley, wheat, and rye. i owe ioway for her ham and her beef and her lamb and her strawberry jam and her pie. i owe ioway more than i can ever pay so i think i’ll move to californ-i-ay! what a shame! what a shame! you’ll be good and gosh-darn sorry when you go! don’t i know! when you leave your native state you’ll be feelin’ far from great— you’ll be good and gosh-darn sorry when you go! i’m a seed—of ioway grain. you’re a breeze—that ioway blew. i’m a drop—of ioway rain. you’re a drip—of ioway dew! oh, i know all i owe i owe ioway. i owe ioway all i owe and i know why. i am ioway born and bred and on ioway corn i’m fed, not to mention her barley, wheat, and rye. i owe ioway for her ham and her beef and her lamb— and her strawberry jam— wayne & and her pie! i owe ioway more than anyone should owe, so i think i’ll start in owin’ idaho! what a shame! what a shame! you’ll be cryin’ like a baby when you go! don’t i know! when you leave your native heath with your lip between your teeth, you’ll be bawlin’ like a baby when you go! oh, i know all i owe i owe ioway. i owe ioway all i owe and i know why. i am ioway born and bred and on ioway corn i’m fed, not to mention her barley, wheat, and rye. i owe ioway for her ham and her beef and her lamb and her strawberry jam and her pie. though i’m owin’ her more than i can ever pay, if she’ll keep me on the cuff, i’d like to stay! now you’re talkin’! better stay! better stay! you’ll be good and gosh-darn happy if you do! abel & if ioway is your home, you’re a fool to want to roam ‘cause there can’t be any better home for you! hey! yay! i! o! w! a! ioway! oh, i know all i owe i owe ioway. i owe ioway all i owe and i know why. i am ioway born and bred and on ioway corn i’m fed, not to mention her barley, wheat, and rye. i owe ioway for her ham and her beef and her lamb and her strawberry jam and her pie. if ioway is your home, you’re a fool to want to roam ‘cause there can’t be any better home for… i-o-w… i-o-w… i-o-i-o… i-o-w-a! ‘cause there can’t be any better home for you! ioway! maybe you’ll never be the love of my life, maybe i’m not the boy of your dreams, but isn’t it kinda fun to look in each other’s eyes, swapping romantic gleams? maybe you’re not a girl to have and to hold, maybe i’m not a boy who would stay, but isn’t it kinda fun carousing around the town, dancing the night away? isn’t it kinda fun holding hands, according to a sweet and corny custom? isn’t it kinda fun making vows, admitting that we both intend to bust ’em! maybe we’re out for laughs, a girl and a boy, kidding across a table for two, but haven’t you got a hunch that this is the real mccoy and all the things we tell each other are true? i’m not a girl for sentimental tripe, i never go for the romeo type. over a dewy-eyed juliet no one has seen me drool yet. i don’t say our hearts are tied by love’s eternal tether. but using words less dignified, isn’t it kinda fun to be together? maybe we’re out for laughs, a girl and a boy, kidding across a table for two, but haven’t you got a hunch that this is the real mccoy and all the things we tell each other are true? the things i used to like i don’t like anymore. i want a lot of other things i’ve never had before. it’s just like mother says— i sit around and mope, pretending i am wonderful— and knowing i’m a dope! i’m as restless as a willow in a windstorm, i’m as jumpy as a puppet on a string! i’d say that i had spring fever, but i know it isn’t spring. i am starry-eyed and vaguely discontented, like a nightingale without a song to sing. oh, why should i have spring fever when it isn’t even spring? i keep wishing i were somewhere else, walking down a strange new street, hearing words that i have never heard from a man i’ve yet to meet. i’m as busy as a spider spinning daydreams, i’m as giddy as a baby on a swing. i haven’t seen a crocus or a rosebud or a robin on the wing, but i feel so gay—in a melancholy way— that it might as well be spring… it might as well be spring. i keep wishing i were somewhere else, walking down a strange new street, hearing words that i have never heard from a man i’ve yet to meet. he would be a kind of handsome combination of ronald colman, charles boyer, and bing! margy…my dear little margy. i’d make the world a ruby for your little finger, and say, “i love you, i love you, i love you.” ah, margy. you are beautiful. you are so very beautiful. and we feel so gay in a melancholy way that it might as well be spring, boo-boo boo-boo boo-boo ya-da da-dee. in our air-conditioned, patent-leather farmhouse on our ultra-modern, scientific farm, we’ll live in a streamlined heaven and we’ll waste no time on charm. no geraniums to clutter our veranda, nor a single little sentimental thing. no virginia creepers—nothing useless— but september isn’t spring! it’s a grand night for singing, the moon is flying high, and somewhere a bird who is bound he’ll be heard, is throwing his heart at the sky. it’s a grand night for singing, the stars are bright above, the earth is aglow, and, to add to the show, i think i am falling in love, falling, falling in love! maybe it’s more than the moon, maybe it’s more than the birds, maybe it’s more than the sight of the night in a light too lovely for words. maybe it’s more than the earth, shiny in silvery blue. maybe the reason i’m feeling this way has something to do with you. it’s a grand night for singing, the moon is flying high, and somewhere a bird who is bound he’ll be heard, is throwing his heart at the sky. it’s a grand night for singing, the stars are bright above, the earth is aglow, and, to add to the show, i think i am falling in love, falling, falling in love! right between the eyes! quite a belt, that blow i felt this morning! fate gave me no warning, great was my surprise! i saw you standing in the sun, and you were something to see. i know what i like, and i liked what i saw, and i said to myself, “that’s for me!” “a lovely morning,” i remarked, and you were quick to agree. you wanted to walk and i nodded my head as i breathlessly said, “that’s for me!” i left you standing under stars— the day’s adventures are through. there’s nothing for me but the dream in my heart, and the dream in my heart— that’s for you! oh, my darling, that’s for you! when i was a boy, world was better spot. what was so was so, what was not was not. now i am a man— world have change a lot: some things nearly so, others nearly not. there are times i almost think i am not sure of what i absolutely know. very often find confusion in conclusion i concluded long ago. in my head are many facts that, as a student, i have studied to procure. in my head are many facts of which i wish i was more certain i was sure! is a puzzlement. what to tell a growing son? what, for instance, shall i say to him of women? shall i educate him on the ancient lines? shall i tell the boy, as far as he is able, to respect his wives and love his concubines? shall i tell him every one is like the other, and the better one of two is really neither? if i tell him this, i think he won’t believe it— and i nearly think i don’t believe it either! when my father was a king, he was a king who knew exactly what he knew, and his brain was not a thing forever swinging to and fro and fro and to. shall i then be like my father and be willfully unmovable and strong? or is better to be right? or am i right when i believe i may be wrong? shall i join with other nations in alliance? if allies are weak, am i not best alone? if allies are strong with power to protect me, might they not protect me out of all i own? is a danger to be trusting one another, one will seldom want to do what other wishes… but unless someday somebody trust somebody, there’ll be nothing left on earth excepting fishes! there are times i almost think nobody sure of what he absolutely know. ev’rybody find confusion in conclusion he concluded long ago, and it puzzle me to learn that though a man may be in doubt of what he know, very quickly will he fight, he’ll fight to prove that what he does not know is so! oh-h-h, oh-h-h! sometimes i think that people going mad! ah-h-h, ah-h-h! sometimes i think that people not so bad! but no matter what i think i must go on living life. as leader of my kingdom i must go forth, be father to my children, and husband to each wife— et cetera, et cetera, and so forth. if my lord in heaven, buddha, show the way, ev’ry day i try to live another day. if my lord in heaven, buddha, show the way, ev’ry day i do my best for one more day, but… is a puzzlement! it’s a very ancient saying, but a true and honest thought, that if you become a teacher by your pupils you’ll be taught. as a teacher i’ve been learning (you’ll forgive me if i boast) and i’ve now become an expert on the subject i like most getting to know you… getting to know you, getting to know all about you. getting to like you , getting to hope you like me. getting to know you, putting it my way, but nicely, you are precisely my cup of tea! getting to know you, getting to feel free and easy. when i am with you, getting to know what to say. haven’t you noticed? suddenly i’m bright and breezy because of all the beautiful and new things i’m learning about you day by day. getting to know you, getting to know all about you. getting to like you , getting to hope you like me. getting to know you, putting it my way, but nicely, you are precisely my cup of tea! getting to know you, getting to feel free and easy. when i am with you, getting to know what to say. haven’t you noticed? suddenly i’m bright and breezy because of all the beautiful and new things i’m learning about you day by day. when i think of tom i think about a night when the earth smelled of summer and the sky was streaked with white and the soft mist of england was sleeping on a hill, i remember this and i always will. there are new lovers now on the same silent hill, looking on the same blue sea, and i know tom and i are a part of them all, and they’re all a part of tom and me. hello young lovers, whoever you are, i hope your troubles are few. all my good wishes go with you tonight, i’ve been in love like you. be brave, young lovers, and follow your star, be brave and faithful and true. cling very close to each other tonight, i’ve been in love like you. i know how it feels to have wings on your heels and to fly down a street in a trance. you fly down a street on the chance that you’ll meet, and you meet not really by chance. don’t cry, young lovers, whatever you do, don’t cry because i’m alone. all of my memories are happy tonight, i’ve had a love of my own. i’ve had a love of my own, like yours, i’ve had a love of my own. i have dreamed that your arms are lovely, i have dreamed what a joy you’ll be. i have dreamed every word you’ll whisper when you’re close, close to me. how you look in the glow of evening i have dreamed and enjoyed the view. in these dreams i’ve loved you so that by now i think i know what it’s like to be loved by you— i will love being loved by you. alone and awake i’ve looked at the stars, the same that smiled on you; and time and again i’ve thought all the things that you were thinking too. i have dreamed that your arms are lovely, i have dreamed what a joy you’ll be. i have dreamed every word you’ll whisper when you’re close, close to me. how you look in the glow of evening i have dreamed and enjoyed the view. in these dreams i’ve loved you so that by now i think i know— what it’s like to be loved by you— i will love being loved by you. whenever i feel afraid, i hold my head erect and whistle a happy tune, so no one will suspect i’m afraid. while shivering in my shoes, i strike a careless pose and whistle a happy tune and no one ever knows i’m afraid. the result of this deception is very strange to tell, for when i fool the people i fear, i fool myself as well! i whistle a happy tune, and ev’ry single time the happiness in the tune convinces me that i’m not afraid! make believe you’re brave and the trick will take you far; you may be as brave as you make believe you are. [whistling] you may be as brave as you make believe you are. the hills are alive with the sound of music with songs they have sung for a thousand years the hills fill my heart with the sound of music my heart wants to sing every song it hears my heart wants to beat like the wings of the birds that rise from the lake to the trees my heart wants to sigh like a chime that flies from a church on a breeze to laugh like a brook when it trips and falls over stones on its way to sing through the night like a lark who is learning to pray i go to the hills when my heart is lonely i know i will hear what i heard before my heart will be blessed with the sound of music and i'll sing once more she climbs a tree and scrapes her knee her dress has got a tear she waltzes on her way to mass and whistles on the stair and underneath her wimple she has curlers in her hair! i even heard her singing in the abbey she's always late for chapel but her penitence is real she's always late for everything except for every meal i hate to have to say it but i very firmly feel maria's not an asset to the abbey! i'd like to say a word in her behalf maria makes me laugh! how do you solve a problem like maria? you might also like how do you catch a cloud and pin it down? how do you find a word that means maria? a flibbertigibbet! a will-o'-the-wisp! a clown! many a thing you know you'd like to tell her many a thing she ought to understand but how do you make her stay and listen to all you say how do you keep a wave upon the sand? oh, how do you solve a problem like maria? how do you hold a moonbeam in your hand? when i'm with her i'm confused out of focus and bemused and i never know exactly where i am unpredictable as weather she's as flighty as a feather she's a darling she's a demon she's a lamb she'd out-pester any pest drive a hornet from its nest she can throw a whirling dervish out of whirl she is gentle she is wild she's a riddle she's a child she's a headache! she's an angel! she's a girl how do you solve a problem like maria? how do you catch a cloud and pin it down? how do you find a word that means maria? a flibbertigibbet? a will-o'-the-wisp? a clown many a thing you know you'd like to tell her many a thing she ought to understand but how do you make her stay and listen to all you say? how do you keep a wave upon the sand? oh, how do you solve a problem like maria? how do you hold a moonbeam in your hand? what will this day be like? i wonder what will my future be? i wonder it could be so exciting to be out in the world to be free! my heart should be wildly rejoicing oh, what's the matter with me? i've always longed for adventure to do the things i've never dared now here i'm facing adventure then why am i so scared? a captain with seven children what's so fearsome about that? oh, i must stop these doubts all these worries if i don't i just know i'll turn back! i must dream of the things i am seeking i am seeking the courage i lack the courage to serve them with reliance face my mistakes without defiance show them i'm worthy and while i show them i'll show me! so! let them bring on all their problems i'll do better than my best i have confidence they'll put me to the test! but i'll make them see i have confidence in me you might also likesomehow i will impress them i will be firm, but kind and all those children heaven bless them they will look up to me and mind me! with each step i am more certain everything will turn out fine i have confidence the world can all be mine! they'll have to agree i have confidence in me i have confidence in sunshine i have confidence in rain i have confidence that spring will come again! besides, which you see i have confidence in me! strength doesn't lie in numbers strength doesn't lie in wealth strength lies in nights of peaceful slumbers when you wake up, wake up! it's healthy! all i trust i leave my heart to all i trust becomes my own! i have confidence in confidence alone oh, help [sings] i have confidence in confidence alone! besides, which you see i have confidence in me! you wait, little girl, on an empty stage for fate to turn the light on your life, little girl, is an empty page that men will want to write on to write on you are sixteen going on seventeen baby, it's time to think better beware be canny and careful baby, you're on the brink you are sixteen going on seventeen fellows will fall in line eager young lads and rogues and cads will offer you food and wine totally unprepared are you to face a world of men timid and shy and scared are you of things beyond your ken you need someone older and wiser telling you what to do i am seventeen going on eighteen i'll take care of you i am sixteen going on seventeen i know that i'm naive fellows i meet may tell me i'm sweet and willingly i believe i am sixteen going on seventeen innocent as a rose bachelor dandies, drinkers of brandies what do i know of those? totally unprepared am i to face a world of men timid and shy and scared am i of things beyond my ken i need someone older and wiser telling me what to do you are seventeen going on eighteen i'll depend, on you raindrops on roses and whiskers on kittens bright copper kettles and warm woolen mittens brown paper packages tied up with strings these are a few of my favorite things cream-colored ponies and crisp apple strudels doorbells and sleigh bells and schnitzel with noodles wild geese that fly with the moon on their wings these are a few of my favorite things girls in white dresses with blue satin sashes snowflakes that stay on my nose and eyelashes silver white winters that melt into springs these are a few of my favorite things [hook] when the dog bites, when the bee stings when i'm feeling sad i simply remember my favorite things and then i don't feel so bad raindrops on roses and whiskers on kittens bright copper kettles and warm woolen mittens brown paper packages tied up with strings these are a few of my favorite things cream-colored ponies and crisp apple strudels doorbells and sleigh bells and schnitzel with noodles wild geese that fly with the moon on their wings these are a few of my favorite things girls in white dresses with blue satin sashes snowflakes that stay on my nose and eyelashes silver white winters that melt into springs these are a few of my favorite things you might also like[hook] when the dog bites, when the bee stings when i'm feeling sad i simply remember my favorite things and then i don't feel so bad anything goes times have changed and we've often rewound the clock since the puritans got the shock when they landed on plymouth rock if today any shock they should try to stem 'stead of landing on plymouth rock plymouth rock would land on them in olden days, a glimpse of stocking was looked on as something shocking but now, god knows anything goes good authors, too, who once knew better words now only use four-letter words writing prose anything goes if driving fast cars you like if low bars you like if old hymns you like if bare limbs you like if mae west you like or me undressed you like why, nobody will oppose when ev'ry night the set that's smart is intruding at nudist parties in studios anything goes when missus ned mclean (god bless her) can get russian reds to "yes" her then i suppose anything goes when rockefeller still can hoard enough money to let max gordon produce his shows anything goes the world has gone mad today and good's bad today and black's white today and day's night today and that gent today you gave a cent today once had several chateaus when folks who still can ride in jitneys find out vanderbilts and whitneys lack baby clothes anything goes you might also like when sam goldwyn can with great conviction instruct anna sten in diction then anna shows anything goes when you hear that lady mendl standing up now does a handspring landing up on her toes anything goes just think of those shocks you've got and those knocks you've got and those blues you've got from those news you've got and those pains you've got if any brains you've got from those little radios so missus r., with all her trimmings can broadcast abed from simmons cause franklin knows anything goes let’s do it when the little bluebird who has never said a word starts to sing "spring, spring" when the little bluebell at the bottom of the dell starts to ring, ding ding when the little blue clerk in the middle of his work starts a tune to the moon up above it is nature, that's all simply telling us to fall in love and that's why birds do it, bees do it even educated fleas do it let's do it, let's fall in love in spain the best upper sets do it lithuanians and letts do it let's do it, let's fall in love the dutch in old amsterdam do it not to mention the finns folks in siam do it think of siamese twins some argentines, without means, do it people say in boston even beans do it let's do it, let's fall in love romantic sponges, they say, do it oysters down in oyster bay do it let's do it, let's fall in love cold cape cod clams, 'gainst their wish, do it even lazy jellyfish do it let's do it, let's fall in love electric eels, i might add, do it though it shocks 'em, i know why ask if shad do it? waiter, bring me shad roe! in shallow shoals, english soles do it goldfish in the privacy of bowls do it let's do it, let's fall in love you might also likemosquitos, heaven forbid, do it so does every katy did do it let's do it, let's fall in love dragonflies in the reeds do it sentimental centipedes do it let's do it, let's fall in love the most refined ladybugs do it when a gentleman calls moths in your rugs do it what's the use of moth balls? the locusts up in the trees do it even over-educated fleas do it let's do it, let's fall in love the chimpanzees in the zoo do it some courageous kangaroos do it let's do it, let's fall in love i'm sure giraffes on the sly do it heavy hippopotami do it let's do it, let's fall in love sloths who hang down from the twigs do it though the effort is great sweet guinea pigs do it buy a couple and wait! the world admits bears in pits do it even pekingeses in the ritz do it let's do it, let's fall in love night and day night and day, you are the one only you beneath the moon under the sun whether near to me or far it's no matter, darlin', where you are i think of you night and day night and day, why's it so that this longing for you follows wherever i go in the roaring traffic's boom in the silence of my lonely room i think of you night and day night and day, under the hide of me there's an, ooh, such a hungry yearning burning inside of me and this torment won't be through till you let me spend my life making love to you day and night, night and day you might also like it’s de-lovely the night is young, the skies are clear so if you want to go walking, dear it's delightful, it's delicious, it's de-lovely i understand the reason why you're sentimental, 'cause so am i it's delightful, it's delicious, it's de-lovely you can tell at a glance what a swell night this is for romance you can hear dear mother nature murmuring low "let yourself go!" so please be sweet, my chickadee and when i kiss you, just say to me "it's delightful, it's delicious it's delectable, it's delirious it's dilemma, it's delimit, it's deluxe it's de-lovely" i feel a sudden urge to sing the kind of ditty that invokes the spring i'll control my desire to curse while you crucify the verse this verse i started seems to me the tin-pantithesis of a melody so spare us all the pain just skip the darn thing and sing the refrain... mi, mi, mi, mi re, re, re, re do, sol, mi, do, la, si the night is young, the skies are clear so if you want to go walking, dear it's delightful, it's delicious, it's de-lovely i understand the reason why you're sentimental, 'cause so am i it's delightful, it's delicious, it's de-lovely you can tell at a glance what a swell night this is for romance you can hear dear mother nature murmuring low "let yourself go!" you might also likeso please be sweet, my chickadee and when i kiss you, just say to me "it's delightful, it's delicious it's...it's de-lovely" i get a kick out of you my story is much too sad to be told but practically everything leaves me totally cold the only exception i know is the case when i'm out on a quiet spree fighting vainly the old ennui and i suddenly turn and see your fabulous face i get no kick from champagne mere alcohol doesn't thrill me at all so tell me why should it be true that i get a kick out of you some get a kick from cocaine i'm sure that if i took even one sniff that would bore me terrifically too yet i get a kick out of you i get a kick every time i see you standing there before me i get a kick though it's clear to me you obviously don't adore me i get no kick in a plane flying too high with some guy in the sky is my idea of nothing to do yet i get a kick out of you i get no kick in a plane flying too high with some guy in the sky is my idea of nothing to do yet i get a kick out of you you might also like so in love strange dear, but true dear when i'm close to you, dear the stars fill the sky so in love with you am i even without you my arms fold about you you know darling why so in love with you am i in love with the night mysterious the night when you first were there in love with my joy delirious when i knew that you could care so taunt me, and hurt me deceive me, desert me i'm yours, till i die..... so in love.... so in love.... so in love with you, my love... am i....you might also like you’re the top at words poetic, i'm so pathetic that i always have found it best instead of getting 'em off my chest to let 'em rest unexpressed i hate parading my serenading as i'll probably miss a bar but if this ditty is not so pretty at least it'll tell you how great you are you're the top you're the colosseum you're the top you're the louvre museum you're a melody from a symphony by strauss you're a bendel bonnet, a shakespeart sonnet you're mickey mouse you're the nile you're the tow'r of pisa you're the smile on the mona lisa i'm a worthless check, a total wreck, a flop but if, baby, i'm the bottom you're the top you're the top you're mahatma ghandi you're the top you're napolean brandy you're the purple light of a summer night in spain you're the national gallery, you're garbo's salary you're cellophane you're sublime you're a turkey dinner you're the time of the derby winner i'm a toy balloon that's fated soon to pop but if, baby, i'm the bottom you're the top you're the top you're an arrow collar you're the top you're a coolidge dollar you're the nimble tread of the feet of fred astaire you're an o'neill drama, you're whistler's mama you're camembert you might also likeyou're a rose, you're inferno's dante you're the nose on the great durante i'm just in the way as the french would say "de trop" but if, baby, i'm the bottom you're the top you're the top you're a waldorf salad you're the top you're a berlin ballad you're a baby grand of a lady and a gent you're an old dutch master, you're mrs. aster you're pepsodent you're romance you're the steppes of russia you're the pants on a roxy usher i'm a lazy lout that's just about to stop but if baby, i'm the bottom you're the top love for sale when the only sound in the empty street is the heavy tread of the heavy feet that belong to a lonesome cop i open shop when the moon so long has been gazing down on the wayward ways of this wayward town that her smile becomes a smirk i go to work love for sale appetizing young love for sale love that's fresh and still unspoiled love that's only slightly soiled love for sale who will buy? who would like to sample my supply? who's prepared to pay the price for a trip to paradise? love for sale let the poets pipe of love in their childish way i know every type of love better far than they if you want the thrill of love i've been through the mill of love old love, new love every love but true love love for sale appetizing young love for sale if you want to buy my wares follow me and climb the stairs love for sale you might also like begin the beguine when they begin the beguine it brings back the sound of music so tender it brings back a night of tropical splendor it brings back a memory evergreen i'm with you once more under the stars and down by the shore an orchestra's playing and even the palms seem to be swaying when they begin the beguine to live it again is past all endeavor except when that tune clutches my heart and there we are swearing to love forever and promising never, never to part what moments divine, what rapture serene till clouds came along to disperse the joys we had tasted and now when i hear people curse the chance that was wasted i know but too well what they mean so don't let them begin the beguine let the love that was once a fire remain an ember let it sleep like a dead desire i only remember when they begin the beguine oh yes, let them begin the beguine, make them play till the stars that were there before remain above you till you whisper to me once more, "darling, i love you" and we suddenly know what heaven we're in when they begin the beguine when they begin the beguine, oh oh, the beguine you might also like always true to you in my fashion if a custom-tailored vet asks me out for something wet when the vet begins to pet i cry "hooray!" but i'm always true to you, darlin', in my fashion yes, i'm always true to you, darlin', in my way i enjoy a tender pass by the boss of boston, mass., though his pass is middle-class and not back bay but i'm always true to you, darlin', in my fashion yes, i'm always true to you, darlin', in my way there's a madman known as mack who is planning to attack if his mad attack means a cadillac okay! but i'm always true to you, darlin', in my fashion yes, i'm always true to you, darlin', in my way i've been asked to have a meal by a big tycoon in steel if the meal includes a deal accept i may but i'm always true to you, darlin', in my fashion yes, i'm always true to you, darlin', in my way i could never curl my lip to a dazzlin' diamond clip though the clip meant "let 'er rip," i'd not say "nay!" but i'm always true to you, darlin', in my fashion yes, i'm always true to you, darlin', in my way there's an oilman known as tex who is keen to give me checks and his checks, i fear, mean that sex is here to stay! but i'm always true to you, darlin', in my fashion yes, i'm always true to you, darlin', in my way you might also likethere's a wealthy hindu priest who's a wolf, to say the least when the priest goes too far east i also stray but i'm always true to you, darlin', in my fashion yes, i'm always true to you, darlin', in my way there's a lush from portland, ore., who is always such a bore when the bore falls on the floor i let him lay but i'm always true to you, darlin', in my fashion yes, i'm always true to you, darlin', in my way from milwaukee, mister fritz often moves me to the ritz mister fritz is full of schlitz and full of play but i'm always true to you, darlin', in my fashion yes, i'm always true to you, darlin', in my way mister harris, plutocrat wants to give my cheek a pat if the harris pat means a paris hat bébé (ooh la la!) mais je suis toujour fidèle, darlin', in my fashion oui, je suis toujour fidèle, darlin', in my way from ohio, mister thorne calls me up from night 'til morn mister thorne once cornered corn and that ain't hay but i'm always true to you, darlin', in my fashion yes, i'm always true to you, darlin', in my way mister gable, i mean clark wants me on his boat to park if the gable boat means a sable coat anchors aweigh! but i'm always true to you, darlin', in my fashion yes, i'm always true to you, darlin', in my way easy to love i know too well that i'm just wasting precious time in thinking such a thing could be that you could ever care for me i'm sure you'll hate to hear that i adore you, dear but grant me just the same i'm not entirely to blame for you'd be so easy to love so easy to idolize all others above so sweet to waken with so nice to sit down to eggs and bacon with we'd be so grand at the game so carefree together that it does seem a shame that you can't see your future with me 'cause you'd be, oh, so easy to love so worth the yearning for so swell to keep all the home fires burning for oh, how we'd coo, how we'd thrive in a cottage for two or even three, four, or five oh, try to see your future with me 'cause they'd be, oh, so easy to love you might also like every time we say goodbye everytime we say goodbye, i die a little everytime we say goodbye, i wonder why a little why the gods above me, who must be in the know think so little of me, they allow you to go when you're near, there's such an air of spring about it i can hear a lark somewhere, begin to sing about it there's no love song finer, but how strange the change from major to minor everytime we say goodbye when you're near, there's such an air of spring about it i can hear a lark somewhere, begin to sing about it there's no love song finer, but how strange the change from major to minor everytime we say goodbye you might also like well did you evah! i have heard among this clan you are called the forgotten man is that what they're saying? well, did you ever what a swell party this is and have you heard the story of a boy, a girl, unrequited love sounds like pure soap opera i may cry tune in tomorrow what a swell party this is what frills, what frocks what broads! what furs, what rocks! they're beautiful why, i've never seen such gaity neither have i you might also like[dexter:] its all just too, too exquis, really this french champagne domestic so good for the brain that's what i was going to say you know you're a brilliant fellow? why, thank you drink up, chap and please don't eat that glass, my friend have you heard about dear blanche? got run down by an avalanche no! oh, don't worry, she's a game girl, you know got up and finished 4th this kid's got guts having a nice time? grab a line have you heard that mimsie starr oh, what now? she got pinched in the astor bar sauced again, eh? she was stoned well, did you ever? never! what a swell party this is! it's great ah, it's great it's grand so grand it's wonderland! la da da da... we sing oh, we sing so rare so rare like old camembert like baba au rhum! bababababum don't dig that kind of crooning, chum! have you heard, it's in the stars next july we collide with mars? well, did you ever? what a swell party, a swell party a swellegant, elegant party this is! i drink to your health nah, lets drink to your wealth you're my bon ami hey, that's french liberty fraternity have you heard, it's in the stars next july we collide with mars? well, did you ever? what a swell party, swell party swellegant, elegant party this is! too darn hot it's too darn hot it's too darn hot i'd like to sup with my baby tonight refill the cup with my baby tonight i'd like to sup with my baby tonight refill the cup with my baby tonight but i ain't up to my baby tonight 'cause it's too darn hot it's too darn hot it's too darn hot i'd like to stop for my baby tonight and blow my top for my baby tonight i'd like to stop for my baby tonight and blow my top for my baby tonight but i'll be a flop with my baby tonight 'cause it's too darn hot according to the kinsey report every average man you know much prefers to play his favorite sport when the temperature is low but when the thermometer goes way up and the weather is sizzling hot mister adam for his madam is not ‘cause it’s too too too too darn hot it's too darn hot it's too darn hot i’d like to call on my baby tonight and give my all to my baby tonight i’d like to call on my baby tongiht and give my all to my baby tonight but i can’t play ball with my baby tonight ‘cause it’s too darn hot it's too darn hot it's too darn hot i’d like to coo with my baby tonight and pitch the woo with my baby tonight i’d like to coo with my baby tonight and pitch the woo with my baby tonight but brother, you pitch my baby tonight ‘cause it’s too darn hot you might also likeaccording to the kinsey report every average man you know much prefers his lovey-dovey to court when the temperature is low but when the thermometer goes way up and the weather is sizzling hot mister pants for romance is not cause it’s too too too darn hot it's too darn hot it's too darn hot i’d like to fool with my baby tonight break every rule with my baby tonight i’d like to fool with my baby tonight break every rule with my baby tonight but pillow, you’ll be my baby tonight ‘cause it’s too darn hot it's too darn hot it's too darn hot i’d like to meet with my baby tonight get off my feet with my baby tonight i’d like to meet with my baby tonight get off my feet with my baby tonight but no repeat with my baby tonight ‘cause it’s too darn hot according to the kinsey report every average man you know much prefers his lovey-dovey to court when the temperature is low but when the thermometer goes way up mister gob for his squab a marine for his queen a g.i. for his cutie pie is not ‘cause it’s too too too darn hot it’s too darn hot it's too darn hot just one of those things as dorothy parker once said to her boyfriend "fare thee well," as columbus announced when he knew he was bounced "it was swell, isabelle, swell" as abelard said to heloise "don't forget to drop a line to me, please," as juliet cried in her romeo's ear "romeo, why not face the fact, my dear?" it was just one of those things just one of those crazy flings one of those bells that now and then rings just one of those things it was just one of those nights just one of those fabulous flights a trip to the moon on gossamer wings just one of those things if we'd thought a bit of the end of it when we started painting the town we'd have been aware that our love affair was too hot not to cool down so good-bye, dear, and amen here's hoping we meet now and then it was great fun but it was just one of those things you might also like i’ve got you under my skin i've got you under my skin i've got you deep in the heart of me so deep in my heart, you're really a part of me i've got you under my skin i tried so not to give in i said to myself, this affair never will go so well but why should i try to resist when, darling, i know so well i've got you under my skin i'd sacrifice anything, come what might for the sake of having you near in spite of a warning voice that comes in the night and repeats and repeats in my ear don't you know, silly fool, you never can win use your mentality, wake up to reality but each time i do, just the thought of you makes me stop before i begin cause i've got you under my skin you might also like you do something to me you do something to me something that simply mystifies me tell me, why should it be? you have the pow'r to hypnotize me let me live 'neath your spell do do that voodoo that you do so well for you do something to me that nobody else can do! if i seem to stray when you talk this way it's because i'm wond'ring what i ought to say i could cry "please don't!" but believe i won't for when you talk to me such a soothing feeling goes through me you do something to me something that simply mystifies me tell me why should it be you have the pow'r to hypnotize me? let me live 'neath your spell do do that voodoo that you do so well for you do something to me that nobody else could do you might also like[looloo] you do something to me something that simply mystifies me tell me why should it be you have the pow'r to hypnotize me? let me live 'neath your spell do do that voodoo that you do so well for you do something to me that nobody else could do in the still of the night in the still of the night as i gaze from my window at the moon in its flight my thoughts all stray to you in the still of the night all the world is in slumber all the times without number darling when i say to you do you love me, as i love you are you my life to be, my dream come true or will this dream of mine fade out of sight like the moon growing dim, on the rim of the hill in the chill, still, of the night like the moon growing dim, on the rim of the hill in the chill, still, of the night you might also like where is the life that late i led? since i reached the charming age of puberty and began to think of feminine curls like a show that's typically shuberty i have always had a multitude of girls but now that a married man at last am i how aware of my dear departed past am i where is the life that late i led? where is it now? totally dead! where is the fun i used to find? where has it gone? gone with the wind! a married life may all be well but raising an heir could never compare with raising a bit of hell so i repeat what first i said where is the life that late i... in dear milano, where are you momo? still selling those pictures of the scriptures in the duomo? and carolina, where are you, 'lina? still peddling your pizza in the streets-a taormina? and in firenze, where are you alice? still there in your pretty itty-bitty pity palace? and sweet lucretia, so young and gay what scandalous doings in the ruins of pompeii where is the life that late i led? where is it now? totally dead! where is the fun i used to find? where has it gone? gone with the wind! the marriage game is quite all right yes during the day it's easy to play but oh what a bore at night so i repeat what first i said where is the life that late i... you might also like(bridge 2) where is rebecca? my becky-wecky-oh could still she be cruising that amusing ponte vecchio? where is fedora, the wild virago? it's lucky i missed her gangster sister from chicago where is venetia, who loved to chat so? could still she be drinking in her stinking pink palazzo? and lovely lisa, where are you lisa? you gave a new meaning to the leaning tower of pisa where is the life that late i led? where is it now? totally dead! where is the fun i used to find? where has it gone? gone with the wind! i've oft been told of nuptial bliss but what do you do at quarter to two with only a shrew to kiss? so i repeat what first i said where is the life that late i led true love suntanned, windblown honeymooners at last alone feeling far above par oh, how lucky we are while i give to you and you give to me true love, true love so on and on it will always be true love, true love for you and i have a guardian angel on high, with nothing to do but to give to you and to give to me love forever true for you and i have a guardian angel on high, with nothing to do but to give to you and to give to me love forever true love forever true you might also like don’t fence me in oh, give me land, lots of land under starry skies above don't fence me in let me ride through the wide open country that i love don't fence me in let me be by myself in the evenin' breeze and listen to the murmur of the cottonwood trees send me off forever, but i ask you please don't fence me in just turn me loose let me straddle my old saddle underneath the western skies let me wander over yonder till i see the mountains rise i want to ride to the ridge where the west commences and gaze at the moon till i lose my senses and i can't look at hobbles and i can't stand fences don't fence me in oh, give me land, lots of land under starry skies above don't fence me in let me ride through the wide country that i love don't fence me in let me be by myself in the evenin' breeze and listen to the murmur of the cottonwood trees send me off forever but i ask you please don't fence me in! just turn me loose let me straddle my old saddle underneath the western skies doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo on my cayuse let me wander over yonder till i see the mountains rise ba, ba, ba, ba, ba you might also likei want to ride to the ridge where the west commences and gaze at the moon 'til i lose my senses i can't look at hobbles and i can't stand fences don't fence me in no, papa, don't you fence me in brush up your shakespeare the girls today in society go for classical poetry so to win their hearts one must quote with ease aeschylus and euripides but the poet of them all who will start 'em simply ravin' is the poet people call the bard of stratford on avon brush up your shakespeare start quoting him now brush up your shakespeare and the women you will wow just declaim a few lines from othella and they'll think you're a hell of a fella if your blond won't respond when you flatter 'er tell her what tony told cleopatterer if she fights when her clothes you are mussing what are clothes? much ado about nussing brush up your shakespeare and they'll all kow-tow with the wife of the british ambessida try a crack out of troilus and cressida if she says she won't buy it or tike it make her tike it, what's more 'as you like it' if she says your behavior is heinous kick her right in the coriolanus brush up your shakespeare and they'll all kow-tow, thinkst thou? and they'll all kow-tow, odds bodkins all kow-tow you might also like let’s misbehave we're all alone no chaperon can get our number the world's in slumber let's misbehave! there's something wild about you, child that's so contagious let's be outrageous let's misbehave! when adam won eve's hand he wouldn't stand for teasin' he didn't care about those apples out of season! they say the spring means just one thing to little lovebirds; we're not above birds let's misbehave! let's misbehave! let's misbehave! if you'd be just so sweet and only meet your fate, dear 'twould be the great event of nineteen twenty eight dear! let's misbehave! let's misbehave! you might also like i hate men i hate men i can't abide them even now and then then ever marry one of them, i'd rest a maiden rather for husbands are a boring lot that only give you bother of course, i'm awful glad that mother had to marry father still, i hate men of all the types of men i've met in our democracy i hate the most the athlete with his manner bold and brassy he may have hair upon his chesst, but sister, so has lassie! oh, i hate men! i hate men they should be kept like piggies in a pen you may be wooed by jack the tar, so charming and so chipper but if you're wooed by jack the tar, be sure that you're the skipper for jack the tar can go too far. remember jack the ripper? oh, i hate men! if thou shouldst wed a business man, be wary, oh be wary: he'll tell you he's detained in town on business neccesary the business is the business that he gives his secretary! oh, i hate men! i hate men though roosters they, i will not play the hen if you espouse an older man through girlish optimism he'll always stay at home and night and make no criticism though you may call it love, the doctors call it rheumatism oh, i hate men! of all i've read, alone in bed, from a to zed about 'em since love is blind, then from the mind, all womankind should rout 'em but, ladies, you must answer too, what would we do without 'em? still, i hate men! you might also like you’d be so nice to come home to you'd be so nice to come home to you'd be so nice by the fire while that breeze on night sings a lullaby you'd be all my heart could desire under stars chilled by the winter under an august moon shining above you'd be so nice you'd be paradise to come home to and love you might also like gentlemen, importune me no farther for how firmly i am resolved you know; that is, not bestow my youngest daughter before i have a husband for the elder ah, me! i've made a haul in all the leading rackets from which rip-roaring rich i happen to be and if thou wouldst attain the upper brackets marry me, marry me, marry me my purse has yet to know a silver lining still lifeless is my wifeless family tree but if for love unending thou art pining marry me, marry me, marry me i come to thee a thoroughbred patrician still spraying my decaying family tree to give a social goose to thy position marry me, marry me, marry me marry me marry me marry me marry me you might also like[lucentio] marry me marry me marry me! i'm a maid who would marry and will take with no qualm any tom, dick, or harry any harry, dick, or tom i'm a maid mad to marry and will take double-quick any tom, dick, or harry any tom, harry, or dick i'm the man thou shouldst marry howdy, pop! howdy, mom! i'm the man thou shouldst marry art thou harry, dick, or tom? i'm the man thou shouldst marry howdy, pal! howdy, chick! art thou tom, dick, or harry? call me tom, harry, or dick i'm/she's a maid who would marry and would no longer tarry i'm/she's a maid who would marry may my/her hopes not miscarry i'm/she's a maid mad to marry and will take double-quick any tom, dick, or harry any tom, harry, or dick a dicka dick a dicka dick a dicka dick a dicka dick a dicka dick a dicka dick a dicka dick blow, gabriel, blow brothers and sisters, we are here tonight to fight the devil do you hear that playin'? yes i hear that playin' do you know who's playin'? no who is that playin'? why it's gabriel, gabriel playin' gabriel, gabriel saying will you be ready to go when i blow my horn? oh blow, gabriel blow go an' blow, gabriel blow i've been a sinner', i've been a scamp and now i'm willin' to trim my lamp so blow, gabriel blow i've been low, gabriel low mighty low, gabriel low but now since i have seen the light i'm good by day and i'm good by night so blow, gabriel blow once i was headed for hell once i was headed for hell but when i got to satan's door i heard you blowin' on your horn once more so i said "satan, farewell." and now i'm all ready to fly just to fly higher and higher 'cause i've been through brimstone and i've been through the fire and i've purged my soul and my heart too so climb up the mountain top and start to blow, gabriel blow go on an' blow, gabriel blow i want to join your happy band and play all day in the promised land so blow, gabriel blow come on you scamps, get up you sinners you're all too full of expensive dinners stand up on your lazy feet and sing! you might also like friendship if you're ever in a jam here i am if you're ever in a mess s.o.s if you're ever so happy, you land in jail i'm your bail it's friendship, friendship just the perfect blendship when other friendships have been forgot ours will still be hot la da la da la da dig dig dig if you're ever down a well ring my bell if you're ever up a tree just call me if you ever lose your teeth when you're out to dine borrow mine it's friendship, friendship just the perfect blendship when other friendships are out of date ours will still be great la de la de la de chuck chuck chuck you might also like[dubarry] if they ever black your eyes put me wise if they ever cook your goose turn me loose if they ever put a bullet through your brain i'll complain it's friendship, friendship just the perfect blendship when other friendships go up in smoke ours will still be oke la de la de la de hep hep hep if you ever lose your mind i'll be kind if you ever lose your shirt i'll be hurt if you're ever in a mill and get sawed in half i won't laugh it's friendship, friendship just the perfect blendship when other friendships are up the crick ours will still be slick la de la de la de hep hep hep woof woof woof chop chop chop dig dig dig quack quack quack good evening friends wunderbar wunderbar! wunderbar! there's our favorite star above what a bright shining star! like our love, it's wunderbar! gazing down on the jungfrau in our secret chalet for two let us drink, liebchen mein in the moonlight divine to the joy of our dream come true wunderbar! wunderbar! what a perfect night for love! here i am, here you are why it's truly wunderbar! wunderbar! wunderbar! you might also like[fred] we're alone and hand in glove not a cloud, near or far why, it's more than wunderbar say you care, dear for you, madly say you long, dear for your kiss do you swear, dear? darling, gladly! life's divine, dear! and you're mine, dear! wunderbar! wunderbar! there's our favorite star above what a bright shining star! like our love, it's wunderbar! and you're mine, dear! wunderbar! wunderbar! there's our favorite star above what a bright shining star! like our love, it's wunderbar! the tale of the oyster down by the sea lived a lonesome oyster every day getting sadder and moister he found his home life awf'lly wet and longed to travel with the upper set poor little oyster fate was kind to that oyster we know when one day the chef from the park casino saw that oyster lying there and said "i'll put you on my bill of fare." lucky little oyster see him on his silver platter watching the queens of fashion chatter hearing the wives of millionaires discuss their marriages and their love affairs thrilled little oyster see that bivalve social climber feeding the rich mrs. hoggenheimer think of his joy as he gaily glides down to the middle of her gilded insides proud little oyster after lunch mrs. h. complains and says to her hostess, "i've got such pains i came to town on my yacht today but i think i'd better hurry back to oyster bay." scared little oyster off they go through the troubled tide the yacht rolling madly from side to side they're tossed about till that fine young oyster finds that it's time he should quit his cloister up comes the oyster back once more where he started from he murmured, "i haven't a single qualm for i've had a taste of society and society has had a taste of me." wise little oyster you might also like another op’nin’, another show another op'nin', another show another op'nin', another show in philly, boston or baltimoe a chance for stagefolks to say "hello" another op'nin', another show another job that you hope, at last will make your future forget your past another pain where the ulcers grow another op'nin', another show for weeks, you rehearse and rehearse three weeks and it couldn't be worse one week, will it ever be right? then out o' the hat, it's that big first night! the overture is about to start you cross your fingers and hold your heart it's curtain time and away we go another op'nin', another show another op'nin', another show in philly, boston or baltimoe a chance for stagefolks to say "hello" another op'nin', another show another job that you hope, at last will make your future forget your past another pain where the ulcers grow another op'nin', another show for weeks, you rehearse and rehearse three weeks and it couldn't be worse one week, will it ever be right? then out o' the hat, it's that big first night! the overture is about to start you cross your fingers and hold your heart it's curtain time and away we go another op'nin', just another op'nin', of another show! you might also like miss otis regrets miss otis regrets she's unable to lunch today, madam miss otis regrets she's unable to lunch today she is sorry to be delayed but last evening down in lover's lane she strayed madam miss otis regrets she's unable to lunch today when she woke up and found, that her dream of love was gone madam she ran to the man who had lead her so far astray and from under a velvet gown she drew a gun and shot her lover down madam miss otis regrets she's unable to lunch today when the mob came and got her and dragged her from the jail madam they strung her from the old willow cross the way and the moment before she died she lifted up her lovely head and cried madam miss otis regrets she's unable to lunch today miss otis regrets... she's unable to lunch today you might also like i love paris every time i look down on this timeless town whether blue or gray be her skies whether loud be her cheers, or whether soft be her tears more and more do i realize that... i love paris in the spring time i love paris in the fall i love paris in the summer when it sizzles i love paris in the winter when it drizzles i love paris every moment every moment of the year i love paris, why oh why do i love paris because my love is here you might also like what is this thing called love i was a humdrum person leading a life apart when love flew in through my window wide and quickened my humdrum heart love flew in through my window i was so happy then but after love had stayed a little while love flew out again what is this thing called love this funny thing called love just who can solve its mystery why should it make a fool of me? i saw you there one wonderful day you took my heart and threw it away that's why i ask the lord in heaven above what is this thing called love? what is this thing called love this funny thing called love just who can solve its mystery why should it make a fool of me? i saw you there one wonderful day you took my heart and threw it away that's why i ask the lord in heaven above what is this thing called love? you might also like my heart belongs to daddy i used to fall in love with all those boys who call on young cuties but now i find i'm all inclined to keep my mind on my duties since i've begun to share in such a sweet love affair though i'm in love, i'm not above a date with a duke or a caddie it's just a pose, 'cause my baby knows that my heart belongs to daddy when some good scout, invites me out to dine om some fine fin and haddie my baby's sure, his love is secure cause my heart belongs to daddy yes my heart belongs to daddy so i simply couldn't be bad yes i'm gonna marry daddy da-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-ad if you feel romantic laddy let me warn you right from the start that my heart belongs to daddy and my daddy belongs to my heart you might also like looking at you i've gone afar, collecting objets d'art i know the whole game by heart why, joe duveen will tell you what i mean 'twas i who gave him his start but since i looked, dear, in your direction i've quite forgotten my art collection to be exact you simply prove the fact that nature's greater than art looking at you while troubles are fleeing i'm admiring the view 'cause it's you i'm seeing and the sweet honeydew of well-being settles upon me what is this light that shines when you enter like a star in the night? and what's to prevent her from destroying my sight when you center all of it on me? looking at you i'm filled with the essence of the quintessence of joy looking at you i hear poets tellin' of lovely helen of troy you might also likedarling, my life was gray i wanted to end it till that wonderful day when you came to mend it and if you'll only stay then i'll spend it looking at you why can’t you behave? bill, you've been gamblin' again gee honey, i'm sorry if only you meant it why can't you behave? oh, why can't you behave? after all the things you told me and the promises that you gave oh, why can't you behave? they switched the dice on me, baby why can't you be good? and do just as you should won't you turn that new leaf over so your baby can be your slave? oh, why can't you behave? there's a farm i know near my old hometown where we two can go and try settlin' down there i'll care for you forever well, at least till you dig my grave, oh oh, why can't you behave? gee, i need you kid i always knew you did but why can't you behave? you might also like who wants to be a millionaire? who wants to be a millionaire? i don't have flashy flunkies everywhere? i don't who wants the bother of a country estate? a country estate is something i'd hate who wants to wallow in champagne? i don't who wants a supersonic plane? i don't who wants a private landing feel through? i don't and i don't you might also like[mike/liz:] cause all i want is you who wants to be a millionaire? i don't who wants uranium to spare? i don't who wants to journey on a gigantic yacht? do i want a yacht? oh, how i do not who wants a fancy foreign car? i don't who wants to tire of caviar? who wants a marble swimming pool too? i don't and i don't cause all i want is you who wants to be a millionaire? i don't and go to every swell affair? who wants to ride behind a liveried chauffeur? a liveried chauffeur, do i want? no sir who wants an opera box i'll bet? i don't and sleep through wagner at the met? i don't who wants to corner cartiers too? i don't and i don't cause all i want is you i happen to like new york i happen to like new york i happen to like this town i like the city air, i like to drink of it the more i know new york, the more i think of it i like the sight and sound and even the stink of it i happen to like new york i like to go to battery park and watch those liners moving in i often ask myself, "why should it be that they should come from far across the sea?" i suppose it's because they all agree with me they happen to like new york last sunday afternoon, i took a trip to hackensack and after i gave hackensack the once-over, i took the next train back i happen to like this town i happen to love this burg and when i have the world a last farewell and the undertaker starts to ring my funeral bell i don't want to go to heaven, don't want to go to hell i happen to like new york i happen to like new york you might also like be a clown i remember forever when i was three mama, who was clever remarking to me "son, when you're grown up and you want everything nice i've got your future sewn up if you'll take this advice." be a clown be a clown all the world loves a clown be a fool play the calf and you'll always have the last laugh wear the cap and the bells and you'll rate with all the great swells if you become a doctor, folks'll face you with dread if you become a dentist, they'll be glad when you're dead you'll get a bigger hand if you can stand on your head be a clown, be a clown, be a clown be a clown be a clown all the world loves a clown you might also like[serafin] show them tricks tell 'em jokes and you'll only stop with top folks wear some huge baggy pants and you'll ride the road to romance a butcher or a baker ladies never embrace a barber at a ball would be a social disgrace they all will come to call if you can fall on your face be a clown, be a clown, be a clown be a clown be a clown all the world loves a clown be a grande buffoon and the demoiselles'll all swoon be a crack jackanapes and they'll imitate you like apes why be a great composer with your rent in arrears? why be a major poet and you'll owe it for years when crowds'll pay to giggle if you wiggle your ears? be a clown, be a clown, be a clown be a clown be a clown all the world loves a clown be the poor, silly ass and you'll always travel first class give 'em quips, give 'em fun and they'll happy to say you're a-1 if you become a farmer, you've the weather to buck if you become a gambler, then you're stuck with your luck but jack, you'll never lack if you can quack like a duck be a clown, be a clown, be a clown be a clown, be a clown, be a clown down in the depths (on the 90th floor) manhattan, i'm up a tree the one that i've adored is bored with me manhattan, i'm awfully nice nice people dine with me and even twice yet the only one in the world i'm mad about talks of somebody else and walks out with a million neon rainbows burning below me and a million blazing taxis raising a roar here i sit, above the town in my pet pailletted gown down in the depths on the ninetieth floor while the crowds at el morocco punish the parquet and at 21 the couples clamor for more i'm deserted and depressed in my regal eagle nest down in the depths on the ninetieth floor when the only one you wanted wants another what's the use of swank and cash in the bank galore? why, even the janitor's wife has a perfectly good love life and here am i facing tomorrow alone with my sorrow down in the depths on the ninetieth floor you might also like do i love you? after that sweet summer afternoon when for the first time i saw you appear dreaming of you i composed a tune so will you listen to it, dear? do i love you, do i? doesn't one and one make two? do i love you, do i? does july need a sky of blue? would i miss you, would i? if you ever should go away? if the sun should desert the day what would life be? will i leave you, never? could the ocean leave the shore? will i worship you for ever? isn't heaven forever more? do i love you, do i? oh, my dear, it's so easy to see don't you know i do? don't i show you i do just as you love me? do i love you, do i? doesn't one and one make two? do i love you, do i? does july need a sky of blue? would i miss you, would i? if you ever should go away? if the sun should desert the day what would life be? will i leave you, never? could the ocean leave the shore? will i worship you for ever? isn't heaven forever more? do i love you, do i? oh, my dear, it's so easy to see don't you know i do? don't i show you i do just as you love me? you might also like i’ve got my eyes on you i've got my eyes on you so best beware where you roam i've got my eyes on you so don't stray too far from home incidentally, i've set my spies on you i'm checking on all you do from a to z so darling, just be wise and keep your eyes on me you might also like but in the morning, no are you fond of swimming dear? kindly tell me, if so yes, i'm found of swimming, dear but in the morning, no can you do the crawl, my dear? kindly tell me, if so i can do the crawl, my dear but in the morning, no when the sun through the blind starts to burn my poor behind that's the time when i am in low do you use the breast stroke, dear? kindly tell me, if so yes, i use the breast stroke, dear but in the morning, no, no--no, no no, no, no, no, no!'you might also like anything goes times have changed and we've often rewound the clock since the puritans got the shock when they landed on plymouth rock if today any shock they should try to stem 'stead of landing on plymouth rock plymouth rock would land on them in olden days, a glimpse of stocking was looked on as something shocking but now, god knows anything goes good authors, too, who once knew better words now only use four-letter words writing prose anything goes if driving fast cars you like if low bars you like if old hymns you like if bare limbs you like if mae west you like or me undressed you like why, nobody will oppose when ev'ry night the set that's smart is intruding at nudist parties in studios anything goes when missus ned mclean (god bless her) can get russian reds to "yes" her then i suppose anything goes when rockefeller still can hoard enough money to let max gordon produce his shows anything goes the world has gone mad today and good's bad today and black's white today and day's night today and that gent today you gave a cent today once had several chateaus when folks who still can ride in jitneys find out vanderbilts and whitneys lack baby clothes anything goes you might also like when sam goldwyn can with great conviction instruct anna sten in diction then anna shows anything goes when you hear that lady mendl standing up now does a handspring landing up on her toes anything goes just think of those shocks you've got and those knocks you've got and those blues you've got from those news you've got and those pains you've got if any brains you've got from those little radios so missus r., with all her trimmings can broadcast abed from simmons cause franklin knows anything goes let’s do it when the little bluebird who has never said a word starts to sing "spring, spring" when the little bluebell at the bottom of the dell starts to ring, ding ding when the little blue clerk in the middle of his work starts a tune to the moon up above it is nature, that's all simply telling us to fall in love and that's why birds do it, bees do it even educated fleas do it let's do it, let's fall in love in spain the best upper sets do it lithuanians and letts do it let's do it, let's fall in love the dutch in old amsterdam do it not to mention the finns folks in siam do it think of siamese twins some argentines, without means, do it people say in boston even beans do it let's do it, let's fall in love romantic sponges, they say, do it oysters down in oyster bay do it let's do it, let's fall in love cold cape cod clams, 'gainst their wish, do it even lazy jellyfish do it let's do it, let's fall in love electric eels, i might add, do it though it shocks 'em, i know why ask if shad do it? waiter, bring me shad roe! in shallow shoals, english soles do it goldfish in the privacy of bowls do it let's do it, let's fall in love you might also likemosquitos, heaven forbid, do it so does every katy did do it let's do it, let's fall in love dragonflies in the reeds do it sentimental centipedes do it let's do it, let's fall in love the most refined ladybugs do it when a gentleman calls moths in your rugs do it what's the use of moth balls? the locusts up in the trees do it even over-educated fleas do it let's do it, let's fall in love the chimpanzees in the zoo do it some courageous kangaroos do it let's do it, let's fall in love i'm sure giraffes on the sly do it heavy hippopotami do it let's do it, let's fall in love sloths who hang down from the twigs do it though the effort is great sweet guinea pigs do it buy a couple and wait! the world admits bears in pits do it even pekingeses in the ritz do it let's do it, let's fall in love night and day night and day, you are the one only you beneath the moon under the sun whether near to me or far it's no matter, darlin', where you are i think of you night and day night and day, why's it so that this longing for you follows wherever i go in the roaring traffic's boom in the silence of my lonely room i think of you night and day night and day, under the hide of me there's an, ooh, such a hungry yearning burning inside of me and this torment won't be through till you let me spend my life making love to you day and night, night and day you might also like it’s de-lovely the night is young, the skies are clear so if you want to go walking, dear it's delightful, it's delicious, it's de-lovely i understand the reason why you're sentimental, 'cause so am i it's delightful, it's delicious, it's de-lovely you can tell at a glance what a swell night this is for romance you can hear dear mother nature murmuring low "let yourself go!" so please be sweet, my chickadee and when i kiss you, just say to me "it's delightful, it's delicious it's delectable, it's delirious it's dilemma, it's delimit, it's deluxe it's de-lovely" i feel a sudden urge to sing the kind of ditty that invokes the spring i'll control my desire to curse while you crucify the verse this verse i started seems to me the tin-pantithesis of a melody so spare us all the pain just skip the darn thing and sing the refrain... mi, mi, mi, mi re, re, re, re do, sol, mi, do, la, si the night is young, the skies are clear so if you want to go walking, dear it's delightful, it's delicious, it's de-lovely i understand the reason why you're sentimental, 'cause so am i it's delightful, it's delicious, it's de-lovely you can tell at a glance what a swell night this is for romance you can hear dear mother nature murmuring low "let yourself go!" you might also likeso please be sweet, my chickadee and when i kiss you, just say to me "it's delightful, it's delicious it's...it's de-lovely" i get a kick out of you my story is much too sad to be told but practically everything leaves me totally cold the only exception i know is the case when i'm out on a quiet spree fighting vainly the old ennui and i suddenly turn and see your fabulous face i get no kick from champagne mere alcohol doesn't thrill me at all so tell me why should it be true that i get a kick out of you some get a kick from cocaine i'm sure that if i took even one sniff that would bore me terrifically too yet i get a kick out of you i get a kick every time i see you standing there before me i get a kick though it's clear to me you obviously don't adore me i get no kick in a plane flying too high with some guy in the sky is my idea of nothing to do yet i get a kick out of you i get no kick in a plane flying too high with some guy in the sky is my idea of nothing to do yet i get a kick out of you you might also like so in love strange dear, but true dear when i'm close to you, dear the stars fill the sky so in love with you am i even without you my arms fold about you you know darling why so in love with you am i in love with the night mysterious the night when you first were there in love with my joy delirious when i knew that you could care so taunt me, and hurt me deceive me, desert me i'm yours, till i die..... so in love.... so in love.... so in love with you, my love... am i....you might also like you’re the top at words poetic, i'm so pathetic that i always have found it best instead of getting 'em off my chest to let 'em rest unexpressed i hate parading my serenading as i'll probably miss a bar but if this ditty is not so pretty at least it'll tell you how great you are you're the top you're the colosseum you're the top you're the louvre museum you're a melody from a symphony by strauss you're a bendel bonnet, a shakespeart sonnet you're mickey mouse you're the nile you're the tow'r of pisa you're the smile on the mona lisa i'm a worthless check, a total wreck, a flop but if, baby, i'm the bottom you're the top you're the top you're mahatma ghandi you're the top you're napolean brandy you're the purple light of a summer night in spain you're the national gallery, you're garbo's salary you're cellophane you're sublime you're a turkey dinner you're the time of the derby winner i'm a toy balloon that's fated soon to pop but if, baby, i'm the bottom you're the top you're the top you're an arrow collar you're the top you're a coolidge dollar you're the nimble tread of the feet of fred astaire you're an o'neill drama, you're whistler's mama you're camembert you might also likeyou're a rose, you're inferno's dante you're the nose on the great durante i'm just in the way as the french would say "de trop" but if, baby, i'm the bottom you're the top you're the top you're a waldorf salad you're the top you're a berlin ballad you're a baby grand of a lady and a gent you're an old dutch master, you're mrs. aster you're pepsodent you're romance you're the steppes of russia you're the pants on a roxy usher i'm a lazy lout that's just about to stop but if baby, i'm the bottom you're the top love for sale when the only sound in the empty street is the heavy tread of the heavy feet that belong to a lonesome cop i open shop when the moon so long has been gazing down on the wayward ways of this wayward town that her smile becomes a smirk i go to work love for sale appetizing young love for sale love that's fresh and still unspoiled love that's only slightly soiled love for sale who will buy? who would like to sample my supply? who's prepared to pay the price for a trip to paradise? love for sale let the poets pipe of love in their childish way i know every type of love better far than they if you want the thrill of love i've been through the mill of love old love, new love every love but true love love for sale appetizing young love for sale if you want to buy my wares follow me and climb the stairs love for sale you might also like begin the beguine when they begin the beguine it brings back the sound of music so tender it brings back a night of tropical splendor it brings back a memory evergreen i'm with you once more under the stars and down by the shore an orchestra's playing and even the palms seem to be swaying when they begin the beguine to live it again is past all endeavor except when that tune clutches my heart and there we are swearing to love forever and promising never, never to part what moments divine, what rapture serene till clouds came along to disperse the joys we had tasted and now when i hear people curse the chance that was wasted i know but too well what they mean so don't let them begin the beguine let the love that was once a fire remain an ember let it sleep like a dead desire i only remember when they begin the beguine oh yes, let them begin the beguine, make them play till the stars that were there before remain above you till you whisper to me once more, "darling, i love you" and we suddenly know what heaven we're in when they begin the beguine when they begin the beguine, oh oh, the beguine you might also like always true to you in my fashion if a custom-tailored vet asks me out for something wet when the vet begins to pet i cry "hooray!" but i'm always true to you, darlin', in my fashion yes, i'm always true to you, darlin', in my way i enjoy a tender pass by the boss of boston, mass., though his pass is middle-class and not back bay but i'm always true to you, darlin', in my fashion yes, i'm always true to you, darlin', in my way there's a madman known as mack who is planning to attack if his mad attack means a cadillac okay! but i'm always true to you, darlin', in my fashion yes, i'm always true to you, darlin', in my way i've been asked to have a meal by a big tycoon in steel if the meal includes a deal accept i may but i'm always true to you, darlin', in my fashion yes, i'm always true to you, darlin', in my way i could never curl my lip to a dazzlin' diamond clip though the clip meant "let 'er rip," i'd not say "nay!" but i'm always true to you, darlin', in my fashion yes, i'm always true to you, darlin', in my way there's an oilman known as tex who is keen to give me checks and his checks, i fear, mean that sex is here to stay! but i'm always true to you, darlin', in my fashion yes, i'm always true to you, darlin', in my way you might also likethere's a wealthy hindu priest who's a wolf, to say the least when the priest goes too far east i also stray but i'm always true to you, darlin', in my fashion yes, i'm always true to you, darlin', in my way there's a lush from portland, ore., who is always such a bore when the bore falls on the floor i let him lay but i'm always true to you, darlin', in my fashion yes, i'm always true to you, darlin', in my way from milwaukee, mister fritz often moves me to the ritz mister fritz is full of schlitz and full of play but i'm always true to you, darlin', in my fashion yes, i'm always true to you, darlin', in my way mister harris, plutocrat wants to give my cheek a pat if the harris pat means a paris hat bébé (ooh la la!) mais je suis toujour fidèle, darlin', in my fashion oui, je suis toujour fidèle, darlin', in my way from ohio, mister thorne calls me up from night 'til morn mister thorne once cornered corn and that ain't hay but i'm always true to you, darlin', in my fashion yes, i'm always true to you, darlin', in my way mister gable, i mean clark wants me on his boat to park if the gable boat means a sable coat anchors aweigh! but i'm always true to you, darlin', in my fashion yes, i'm always true to you, darlin', in my way easy to love i know too well that i'm just wasting precious time in thinking such a thing could be that you could ever care for me i'm sure you'll hate to hear that i adore you, dear but grant me just the same i'm not entirely to blame for you'd be so easy to love so easy to idolize all others above so sweet to waken with so nice to sit down to eggs and bacon with we'd be so grand at the game so carefree together that it does seem a shame that you can't see your future with me 'cause you'd be, oh, so easy to love so worth the yearning for so swell to keep all the home fires burning for oh, how we'd coo, how we'd thrive in a cottage for two or even three, four, or five oh, try to see your future with me 'cause they'd be, oh, so easy to love you might also like every time we say goodbye everytime we say goodbye, i die a little everytime we say goodbye, i wonder why a little why the gods above me, who must be in the know think so little of me, they allow you to go when you're near, there's such an air of spring about it i can hear a lark somewhere, begin to sing about it there's no love song finer, but how strange the change from major to minor everytime we say goodbye when you're near, there's such an air of spring about it i can hear a lark somewhere, begin to sing about it there's no love song finer, but how strange the change from major to minor everytime we say goodbye you might also like well did you evah! i have heard among this clan you are called the forgotten man is that what they're saying? well, did you ever what a swell party this is and have you heard the story of a boy, a girl, unrequited love sounds like pure soap opera i may cry tune in tomorrow what a swell party this is what frills, what frocks what broads! what furs, what rocks! they're beautiful why, i've never seen such gaity neither have i you might also like[dexter:] its all just too, too exquis, really this french champagne domestic so good for the brain that's what i was going to say you know you're a brilliant fellow? why, thank you drink up, chap and please don't eat that glass, my friend have you heard about dear blanche? got run down by an avalanche no! oh, don't worry, she's a game girl, you know got up and finished 4th this kid's got guts having a nice time? grab a line have you heard that mimsie starr oh, what now? she got pinched in the astor bar sauced again, eh? she was stoned well, did you ever? never! what a swell party this is! it's great ah, it's great it's grand so grand it's wonderland! la da da da... we sing oh, we sing so rare so rare like old camembert like baba au rhum! bababababum don't dig that kind of crooning, chum! have you heard, it's in the stars next july we collide with mars? well, did you ever? what a swell party, a swell party a swellegant, elegant party this is! i drink to your health nah, lets drink to your wealth you're my bon ami hey, that's french liberty fraternity have you heard, it's in the stars next july we collide with mars? well, did you ever? what a swell party, swell party swellegant, elegant party this is! too darn hot it's too darn hot it's too darn hot i'd like to sup with my baby tonight refill the cup with my baby tonight i'd like to sup with my baby tonight refill the cup with my baby tonight but i ain't up to my baby tonight 'cause it's too darn hot it's too darn hot it's too darn hot i'd like to stop for my baby tonight and blow my top for my baby tonight i'd like to stop for my baby tonight and blow my top for my baby tonight but i'll be a flop with my baby tonight 'cause it's too darn hot according to the kinsey report every average man you know much prefers to play his favorite sport when the temperature is low but when the thermometer goes way up and the weather is sizzling hot mister adam for his madam is not ‘cause it’s too too too too darn hot it's too darn hot it's too darn hot i’d like to call on my baby tonight and give my all to my baby tonight i’d like to call on my baby tongiht and give my all to my baby tonight but i can’t play ball with my baby tonight ‘cause it’s too darn hot it's too darn hot it's too darn hot i’d like to coo with my baby tonight and pitch the woo with my baby tonight i’d like to coo with my baby tonight and pitch the woo with my baby tonight but brother, you pitch my baby tonight ‘cause it’s too darn hot you might also likeaccording to the kinsey report every average man you know much prefers his lovey-dovey to court when the temperature is low but when the thermometer goes way up and the weather is sizzling hot mister pants for romance is not cause it’s too too too darn hot it's too darn hot it's too darn hot i’d like to fool with my baby tonight break every rule with my baby tonight i’d like to fool with my baby tonight break every rule with my baby tonight but pillow, you’ll be my baby tonight ‘cause it’s too darn hot it's too darn hot it's too darn hot i’d like to meet with my baby tonight get off my feet with my baby tonight i’d like to meet with my baby tonight get off my feet with my baby tonight but no repeat with my baby tonight ‘cause it’s too darn hot according to the kinsey report every average man you know much prefers his lovey-dovey to court when the temperature is low but when the thermometer goes way up mister gob for his squab a marine for his queen a g.i. for his cutie pie is not ‘cause it’s too too too darn hot it’s too darn hot it's too darn hot just one of those things as dorothy parker once said to her boyfriend "fare thee well," as columbus announced when he knew he was bounced "it was swell, isabelle, swell" as abelard said to heloise "don't forget to drop a line to me, please," as juliet cried in her romeo's ear "romeo, why not face the fact, my dear?" it was just one of those things just one of those crazy flings one of those bells that now and then rings just one of those things it was just one of those nights just one of those fabulous flights a trip to the moon on gossamer wings just one of those things if we'd thought a bit of the end of it when we started painting the town we'd have been aware that our love affair was too hot not to cool down so good-bye, dear, and amen here's hoping we meet now and then it was great fun but it was just one of those things you might also like i’ve got you under my skin i've got you under my skin i've got you deep in the heart of me so deep in my heart, you're really a part of me i've got you under my skin i tried so not to give in i said to myself, this affair never will go so well but why should i try to resist when, darling, i know so well i've got you under my skin i'd sacrifice anything, come what might for the sake of having you near in spite of a warning voice that comes in the night and repeats and repeats in my ear don't you know, silly fool, you never can win use your mentality, wake up to reality but each time i do, just the thought of you makes me stop before i begin cause i've got you under my skin you might also like you do something to me you do something to me something that simply mystifies me tell me, why should it be? you have the pow'r to hypnotize me let me live 'neath your spell do do that voodoo that you do so well for you do something to me that nobody else can do! if i seem to stray when you talk this way it's because i'm wond'ring what i ought to say i could cry "please don't!" but believe i won't for when you talk to me such a soothing feeling goes through me you do something to me something that simply mystifies me tell me why should it be you have the pow'r to hypnotize me? let me live 'neath your spell do do that voodoo that you do so well for you do something to me that nobody else could do you might also like[looloo] you do something to me something that simply mystifies me tell me why should it be you have the pow'r to hypnotize me? let me live 'neath your spell do do that voodoo that you do so well for you do something to me that nobody else could do in the still of the night in the still of the night as i gaze from my window at the moon in its flight my thoughts all stray to you in the still of the night all the world is in slumber all the times without number darling when i say to you do you love me, as i love you are you my life to be, my dream come true or will this dream of mine fade out of sight like the moon growing dim, on the rim of the hill in the chill, still, of the night like the moon growing dim, on the rim of the hill in the chill, still, of the night you might also like where is the life that late i led? since i reached the charming age of puberty and began to think of feminine curls like a show that's typically shuberty i have always had a multitude of girls but now that a married man at last am i how aware of my dear departed past am i where is the life that late i led? where is it now? totally dead! where is the fun i used to find? where has it gone? gone with the wind! a married life may all be well but raising an heir could never compare with raising a bit of hell so i repeat what first i said where is the life that late i... in dear milano, where are you momo? still selling those pictures of the scriptures in the duomo? and carolina, where are you, 'lina? still peddling your pizza in the streets-a taormina? and in firenze, where are you alice? still there in your pretty itty-bitty pity palace? and sweet lucretia, so young and gay what scandalous doings in the ruins of pompeii where is the life that late i led? where is it now? totally dead! where is the fun i used to find? where has it gone? gone with the wind! the marriage game is quite all right yes during the day it's easy to play but oh what a bore at night so i repeat what first i said where is the life that late i... you might also like(bridge 2) where is rebecca? my becky-wecky-oh could still she be cruising that amusing ponte vecchio? where is fedora, the wild virago? it's lucky i missed her gangster sister from chicago where is venetia, who loved to chat so? could still she be drinking in her stinking pink palazzo? and lovely lisa, where are you lisa? you gave a new meaning to the leaning tower of pisa where is the life that late i led? where is it now? totally dead! where is the fun i used to find? where has it gone? gone with the wind! i've oft been told of nuptial bliss but what do you do at quarter to two with only a shrew to kiss? so i repeat what first i said where is the life that late i led true love suntanned, windblown honeymooners at last alone feeling far above par oh, how lucky we are while i give to you and you give to me true love, true love so on and on it will always be true love, true love for you and i have a guardian angel on high, with nothing to do but to give to you and to give to me love forever true for you and i have a guardian angel on high, with nothing to do but to give to you and to give to me love forever true love forever true you might also like don’t fence me in oh, give me land, lots of land under starry skies above don't fence me in let me ride through the wide open country that i love don't fence me in let me be by myself in the evenin' breeze and listen to the murmur of the cottonwood trees send me off forever, but i ask you please don't fence me in just turn me loose let me straddle my old saddle underneath the western skies let me wander over yonder till i see the mountains rise i want to ride to the ridge where the west commences and gaze at the moon till i lose my senses and i can't look at hobbles and i can't stand fences don't fence me in oh, give me land, lots of land under starry skies above don't fence me in let me ride through the wide country that i love don't fence me in let me be by myself in the evenin' breeze and listen to the murmur of the cottonwood trees send me off forever but i ask you please don't fence me in! just turn me loose let me straddle my old saddle underneath the western skies doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo on my cayuse let me wander over yonder till i see the mountains rise ba, ba, ba, ba, ba you might also likei want to ride to the ridge where the west commences and gaze at the moon 'til i lose my senses i can't look at hobbles and i can't stand fences don't fence me in no, papa, don't you fence me in brush up your shakespeare the girls today in society go for classical poetry so to win their hearts one must quote with ease aeschylus and euripides but the poet of them all who will start 'em simply ravin' is the poet people call the bard of stratford on avon brush up your shakespeare start quoting him now brush up your shakespeare and the women you will wow just declaim a few lines from othella and they'll think you're a hell of a fella if your blond won't respond when you flatter 'er tell her what tony told cleopatterer if she fights when her clothes you are mussing what are clothes? much ado about nussing brush up your shakespeare and they'll all kow-tow with the wife of the british ambessida try a crack out of troilus and cressida if she says she won't buy it or tike it make her tike it, what's more 'as you like it' if she says your behavior is heinous kick her right in the coriolanus brush up your shakespeare and they'll all kow-tow, thinkst thou? and they'll all kow-tow, odds bodkins all kow-tow you might also like let’s misbehave we're all alone no chaperon can get our number the world's in slumber let's misbehave! there's something wild about you, child that's so contagious let's be outrageous let's misbehave! when adam won eve's hand he wouldn't stand for teasin' he didn't care about those apples out of season! they say the spring means just one thing to little lovebirds; we're not above birds let's misbehave! let's misbehave! let's misbehave! if you'd be just so sweet and only meet your fate, dear 'twould be the great event of nineteen twenty eight dear! let's misbehave! let's misbehave! you might also like i hate men i hate men i can't abide them even now and then then ever marry one of them, i'd rest a maiden rather for husbands are a boring lot that only give you bother of course, i'm awful glad that mother had to marry father still, i hate men of all the types of men i've met in our democracy i hate the most the athlete with his manner bold and brassy he may have hair upon his chesst, but sister, so has lassie! oh, i hate men! i hate men they should be kept like piggies in a pen you may be wooed by jack the tar, so charming and so chipper but if you're wooed by jack the tar, be sure that you're the skipper for jack the tar can go too far. remember jack the ripper? oh, i hate men! if thou shouldst wed a business man, be wary, oh be wary: he'll tell you he's detained in town on business neccesary the business is the business that he gives his secretary! oh, i hate men! i hate men though roosters they, i will not play the hen if you espouse an older man through girlish optimism he'll always stay at home and night and make no criticism though you may call it love, the doctors call it rheumatism oh, i hate men! of all i've read, alone in bed, from a to zed about 'em since love is blind, then from the mind, all womankind should rout 'em but, ladies, you must answer too, what would we do without 'em? still, i hate men! you might also like you’d be so nice to come home to you'd be so nice to come home to you'd be so nice by the fire while that breeze on night sings a lullaby you'd be all my heart could desire under stars chilled by the winter under an august moon shining above you'd be so nice you'd be paradise to come home to and love you might also like column 1 that's all very well, but what are we gonna do about him? later on when it's dark, we'll take it to some secret place and bury him oh yeah. of course we could do that i don't 'spose he's got any relatives gonna come pokin' 'round lookin' for him seems a downright shame... shame? seems an awful waste... such a nice, plump frame wot's 'is name has... had... has nor it can't be traced... bus'ness needs a lift debts to be erased... think of it as thrift as a gift if you get my drift seems an awful waste... i mean, with the price of meat what it is when you get it if you get it... ah! good, you got it! take, for instance, mrs. mooney and her pie shop! bus'ness never better using only pussycats and toast! now a pussy's good for maybe six or seven at the most! and i'm sure they can't compare as far as taste! mrs. lovett, what a charming notion well, it does seem a waste... eminently practical and yet appropriate as always! think about it... mrs. lovett, how i've lived without you all these years, i'll never know! how delectable! also undetectable! lots of other gentlemen'll soon be comin' for a shave won't they? think of all them pies! how choice! how rare! for what's the sound of the world out there? what, mr. todd? what, mr. todd? what is that sound? those crunching noises pervading the air! yes, mr. todd! yes, mr. todd! yes, all around! it's man devouring man, my dear! and/then who are we to deny it in here? these are desperate times mrs. lovett, and desperate measures are called for! here we are, now! hot out of the oven! what is that? it's priest. have a little priest is it really good? sir, it's too good, at least! then again, they don't commit sins of the flesh so it's pretty fresh awful lot of fat only where it sat haven't you got poet, or something like that? no, y'see, the trouble with poet is 'ow do you know it's deceased? try the priest! lawyer's rather nice if it's for a price order something else, though, to follow since no one should swallow it twice! anything that's lean? well, then, if you're british and loyal you might enjoy royal marine! anyway, it's clean though of course, it tastes of wherever it's been! is that squire, on the fire? mercy no, sir, look closer you'll notice it's grocer! looks thicker more like vicar! no, it has to be grocer - it's green! the history of the world, my love - save a lot of graves do a lot of relatives favors! is those below serving those up above! ev'rybody shaves so there should be plenty of flavors! how gratifying for once to know that those above will serve those down below! what is that? it's fop finest in the shop and we have some shepherd's pie peppered with actual shepherd on top! and i've just begun - here's the politician, so oily it's served with a doily have one! put it on a bun well, you never know if it's going to run! try the friar fried, it's drier! no, the clergy is really too coarse and too mealy! then actor it's compacter! ah but always arrives overdone! i'll come again when you have judge on the menu! have charity towards the world, my pet! yes, yes, i know, my love! we'll take the customers that we can get! high-born and low, my love! we'll not discriminate great from small! no, we'll serve anyone meaning anyone and to anyone at all! did i abuse her or show her disdain? why does she run from me? if i should lose her how shall i regain the heart she has won from me? agony! beyond power of speech when the one thing you want is the only thing out of your reach high in her tower she sits by the hour maintaining her hair blithe and becoming and frequently humming a lighthearted air: ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah agony! far more painful than yours when you know she would go with you if there only were doors agony! oh, the torture they teach! what's as intriguing or half so fatiguing as what's out of reach? am i not sensitive clever well-mannered considerate passionate charming as kind as i'm handsome and heir to a throne? you are everything maidens could wish for! then why no? do i know? the girl must be mad! you know nothing of madness till you're climbing her hair and you see her up there as you're nearing her all the while hearing her: ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah agony! misery! woe! though it's different for each always ten steps behind always ten feet below and she's just out of reach agony that can cut like a knife! i must have her to wife puerto rico my heart's devotion let it sink back in the ocean always the hurricanes blowing always the population growing and the money owing and the sunlight streaming and the natives steaming i like the island manhattan smoke on your pipe and put that in! i like to be in america okay by me in america everything free in america for a small fee in america buying on credit is so nice one look at us and they charge twice i have my own washing machine what will you have though to keep clean? skyscrapers bloom in america cadillacs zoom in america industry boom in america twelve in a room in america lots of new housing with more space lots of doors slamming in our face i'll get a terrace apartment better get rid of your accent life can be bright in america if you can fight in america life is all right in america if you're all white in america here you are free and you have pride long as you stay on your own side free to be anything you choose free to wait tables and shine shoes everywhere grime in america organized crime in america terrible time in america you forget i'm in america i think i'll go back to san juan i know a boat you can get on (bye bye!) everyone there will give big cheer! everyone there will have moved here i had a dream a dream about you, baby! it's gonna come true, baby! they think that we're through but, baby— you'll be swell, you'll be great gonna have the whole world on a plate! starting here, starting now honey, everything's coming up roses! clear the decks, clear the tracks you got nothing to do but relax! blow a kiss, take a bow— honey, everything's coming up roses! now's your inning stand the world on its ear! set it spinning that'll be just the beginning! curtain up, light the lights you got nothing to hit but the heights! you'll be swell you'll be great i can tell— just you wait! that lucky star i talk about is due! honey, everything's coming up roses for me and for you! you can do it all you need is a hand we can do it— momma is gonna see to it! curtain up, light the lights we got nothing to hit but the heights! i can tell wait and see there's the bell follow me and nothing's gonna stop us till we're through! honey everything's coming up roses and daffodils everything's coming up sunshine and santa claus everything's gonna be bright lights and lollipops everything's coming up roses for me and for you! dear kindly sergeant krupke ya gotta understand it’s just our bringin’ upke that gets us outta hand our mothers all are junkies our fathers all are drunks golly moses natcherly we’re punks gee, officer krupke, we’re very upset; we never had the love that every child oughta get we ain’t no delinquents we’re misunderstood deep down inside us there is good! there is good! there is good, there is good there is untapped good like inside, the worse of us is good that’s a touchin’ good story lemme tell it to the world! just tell it to the judge dear kindly judge, your honor my parents treat me rough with all their marijuana they won’t give me a puff they didn’t wanna have me but somehow i was had leapin’ lizards --that’s what i’m so bad! right! officer krupke, you’re really a square; this boy don’t need a judge he needs a analysis’s care! it’s just his neurosis that oughta be curbed he’s psychologically disturbed i’m disturbed! we’re disturbed, we’re disturbed we’re the most disturbed like we’re psychologically disturbed hear ye, her ye! in the opinion of this court this child is depraved on account he ain’t had a normal home hey, i’m depraved on account i’m deprived! so take him to a headshrinker you! who me? my daddy beats my mommy my mommy clobbers me my grandpa is a commie my grandma pushes tea my sister wears a mustache my brother wears a dress goodness gracious, that’s why i’m a mess! yes! officer krupke, he shouldn’t be here this boy don’t need a couch, he needs a useful career society’s played him a terrible trick and sociologically he’s sick! i am sick! we are sick, we are sick we are sick sick sick like we’re sociologically sick! in my opinion, this child does not need to have his head shrunk at all juvenile delinquency is purely a social disease hey, i got a social disease! so take him to a social worker! dear kindly social worker they tell me get a job like be a soda-jerker which means like be a slob it’s not i’m anti-social i’m only anti-work gloryosky, that’s why i’m a jerk! eek! officer krupke, you’ve done it again this boy don’t need a job, he needs a year in the pen it ain’t just a question of misunderstood; deep down inside him, he’s no good! i’m no good! we’re no good, we’re no good we’re no earthly good like the best of us is no damn good! the trouble is he’s lazy the trouble is he drinks the trouble is he’s crazy the trouble is he stinks the trouble is he’s growing the trouble is he’s grown! krupke, we got troubles of our own! gee, officer krupke we’re down on our knees ‘cause no one wants a fella with a social disease gee, officer krupke what are we to do? gee, officer krupke - krup you! there are giants in the sky! there are big tall terrible giants in the sky! when you're way up high and you look below at the world you've left and the things you know little more than a glance is enough to show you just how small you are when you're way up high and you're on your own in a world like none that you've ever known where the sky is lead and the earth is stone you're free to do whatever pleases you exploring things you'd never dare 'cause you don't care when suddenly there's a big tall terrible giant at the door a giant? a big tall terrible lady giant sweeping the floor and she gives you food and she gives you rest and she draws you close to her giant breast and you know things now that you never knew before not till the sky only just when you made a friend and all and you know she's big, but you don't feel small someone bigger than her comes along the hall to swallow you for lunch and your heart is lead and your stomach stone and you're really scared being all alone and it's then that you miss all the things you've known and the world you've left and the little you own the fun is done you steal what you can and run! and you scramble down and you look below and the world you know begins to grow the roof, the house, and your mother at the door the roof, the house, and the world you never thought to explore and you think of all of the things you've seen and you wish that you could live in between and you're back again only different than before after the sky there are giants in the sky! there are big tall terrible awesome scary wonderful giants in the sky! green finch, and linnet bird nightingale, blackbird how is it you sing? how can you jubilate sitting in cages never taking wing? outside the sky waits beckoning! beckoning! just beyond the bars... how can you remain staring at the rain maddened by the stars? how is it you sing anything? how is it you sing? my cage has many rooms damask and dark... nothing there sings not even my lark larks never will, you know when they're captive teach me to be more adaptive ah... green finch, and linnet bird nightingale, blackbird teach me how to sing if i cannot fly... let me sing i feel pretty oh, so pretty i feel pretty, and witty and gay and i pity any girl who isn’t me today i feel charming oh, so charming it’s alarming how charming i feel and so pretty that i hardly can believe i’m real see the pretty girl in that mirror there: who can that attractive girl be? such a pretty face such a pretty dress such a pretty smile such a pretty me! i feel stunning and entrancing feel like running and dancing for joy for i’m loved by a pretty wonderful boy! have you met my good friend maria the craziest girl on the block? you’ll know her the minute you see her she’s the one who is in an advanced state of shock she thinks she’s in love she thinks she’s in spain she isn’t in love she’s merely insane it must be the heat or some rare disease or too much to eat or maybe it’s fleas keep away from her send for chino! this is not the maria we know! modest and pure polite and refined well-bred and mature and out of her mind! i feel pretty oh, so pretty that the city should give me its key a committee should be organized to honor me i feel dizzy i feel sunny i feel fizzy and funny and fine and so pretty miss america can just resign! see the pretty girl in that mirror there: what mirror where? who can that attractive girl be? which? what? where? whom? such a pretty face such a pretty dress such a pretty smile such a pretty me! such a pretty me! such a pretty me! such a pretty me! i feel stunning and entrancing feel like running and dancing for joy for i’m loved by a pretty wonderful boy! mother said, “straight ahead”, not to delay or be misled i should have headed her advice… but he seemed so nice and he showed me things, many beautiful things that i hadn't thought to explore they were off my path, so i never had dared i had been so careful, i never had cared and he made me feel excited well, excited and scared when he said, “come in!” with that sickening grin how could i know what was in store? once his teeth were bared, though, i really got scared well, excited and scared but he drew me close and he swallowed me down down a dark slimy path where lie secrets that i never want to know and when everything familiar seemed to disappear forever at the end of the path was granny, once again so we lay in the dark 'til you came and set us free and you brought us to the light, and we're back at the start and i know things now, many valuable things that i hadn't known before do not put your faith in a cape and a hood they will not protect you the way that they should and take extra care with strangers even flowers have their dangers and though scary is exciting nice is different than good now i know, don't be scared granny is right, just be prepared isn't it nice to know a lot! and a little bit not you've changed you're daring you're different in the woods more sure more sharing you're getting us through the woods if you could see you're not the man who started and much more open-hearted than i knew you to be it takes two i thought one was enough it's not true: it takes two of us you came through when the journey was rough it took you it took two of us it takes care it takes patience and fear and despair to change though you swear to change who can tell if you do? it take two you've changed you're thriving there's something about the woods not just surviving you're blossoming in the woods at home i'd fear we'd stay the same forever and then out here you're passionate charming considerate clever it takes one to begin, but then once you've begun it takes two of you it's no fun but what needs to be done you can do when there's two of you it's no fun but what needs to be done you can do when there's two of you if i tear it's because i'm becoming aware of us as a pair of us each accepting a share of what's there we've changed we're strangers i'm meeting you in the woods who minds what dangers? i know we'll get past the woods and once we're past let's hope the changes last beyond woods beyond witches and slippers and hoods just the two of us beyond lies safe at home with out beautiful prize just the few of us it takes trust it takes just a bit more and we're done we want four we had none we've got three we need one it takes two i should never have gone to the theater then i'd never have come to the country if i never had come to the country matters might have stayed as they were sir... sir... if she'd only been faded if she'd only been fat if she'd only been jaded and bursting with chat if she'd only been perfectly awful it would have been wonderful if... if... if she'd been all a-twitter or elusively cold if she'd only been bitter or better looked passably old if she'd been covered with glitter or even been covered with mold it would have been wonderful but the woman was perfection to my deepest dismay well, not quite perfection i'm sorry to say if the woman were perfection she would go away and that would be wonderful sir... sir... if she'd only looked flustered or admitted the worst if she only had blustered or simpered or cursed if she weren't so awfully perfect it would have been wonderful if... if... if she'd tried to be clever if she'd started to flinch if she'd cried or whatever a woman would do in a pinch if i'd been certain she never again could be trusted an inch it would have been wonderful but the woman was perfection not an action denied the kind of perfection i cannot abide if the woman were perfection she'd have simply lied which would have been wonderful if she'd only been vicious... if she'd acted abused... or a bit too delicious... or been even slightly confused... if she had only been sulky or bristling or bulky or bruised it would have been wonderful... if... if... if she'd only been willful... if she only had fled... or a little less skillful... insulted, insisting... in bed... if she had only been fearful or married or tearful or dead it would have been wonderful but the woman was perfection and the prospects are grim— that lovely perfection that nothing can dim yes, the woman was perfection so i'm here with him... sir... sir... it would have been wonderful i feel you, johanna i feel you i was half convinced i'd waken satisfied enough to dream you happily i was mistaken johanna i'll steal you, johanna i'll steal you i'll steal you, johanna i'll steal you do they think that walls could hide you? even now, i'm at your window i am in the dark beside you buried sweetly in your yellow hair! i feel you, johanna and one day i'll steal you! 'til i'm with you then i'm with you there sweetly buried in your yellow hair! now as the sweet imbecilities tumble so lavishly onto her lap... oh fredrik, what a day it's been. unending drama. how petra... now there are two possibilities a, i could ravish her b, i could nap... that grumpy old miss nordstrom from next door? her sister's coming for a visit. say it's the ravishment, then we see the option that follows, of course: i do hope i'm imperious enough with the servants. i try to be, but half the time i think they're laughing at me. a the deployment of charm, or b the adoption of physical force... and amalia jabbering on for hours and hours now, b might arouse her but if i assume i trip on my trouser leg crossing the room i can't tell you how boring it was. i'd rather have a tooth pulled. her hair getting tangled her stays getting snapped my nerves would be jangled my energy sapped... you should have seen mrs. erling in the fish market. removing her clothing would take me all day and her subsequent loathing would turn me away which eliminates b and which leaves us with a... could you ever be jealous of me? could you? like the moor of venice? now insofar as approaching it what would be festive but have its effect? shall i learn italian? i think it'd be amusing, if the verbs aren't too irregular. now, there are two ways of broaching it a, the suggestive and b, the direct... but then french is a much chicer language. everyone says so. parlez-vous français? say that i settle on b, to wit a charmingly lecherous mood... i know you like my hair this way. but on top of my head, like a siren... a i could put on my nightshirt or sit disarmingly b, in the nude... oh fredrik, you should have seen the great arrival that might be effective my body's all right but not in perspective and not in the light poor henrik! how comical he looked. i'm bound to be chilly and feel a buffoon but nightshirts are silly in mid-afternoon... why are virtuous people so stingy? which leaves the suggestive but how to proceed? although she gets restive perhaps i could read... he gave the coachman the tiniest tip! in view of her penchant for something romantic de sade is too trenchant and dickens too frantic and stendhal would ruin the plan of attack as there isn't much blue in the red and the black the poor man was so sad. de maupassant's candor would cause her dismay the brontés are grander but not very gay her taste is much blander i'm sorry to say but is hans christian ander sen ever risque? which eliminates a... and he said "you're such a pretty lady." wasn't that silly of him? now with my mental facilities partially muddied and ready to snap... i'm sure about the bracelet. but earrings, earrings! oh, which earrings? now though there are possibilities still to be studied i might as well nap... mother's rubies? or the diamonds? agony. bow though i must to adjust my original plan... desiree armfeldt. i just know she'd wear the most glamorous gowns. how shall i sleep half as deep as i usually can?... dear distinguished old fredrik... when now i still want and/or love you now as always now anne... oh henrik, dear, don't you have anything less gloomy to practice? it isn't gloomy. it's profound. well, can't you be profound later? later... when is later?... all you ever hear is "later, henrik— henrik, later..." "yes, we know, henrik oh, henrik everyone agrees, henrik please, henrik!" you have a thought you're fairly bursting with a personal discovery or problem, and it's "what's your rush, henrik? shush, henrik goodness, how you gush, henrik hush, henrik!" you murmur "i only— it's just that— for god's sake—!" "later, henrik..." "henrik"... who is "henrik"? "oh, that lawyer's son, the one who mumbles short and boring yes, he's hardly worth ignoring" and who cares if he's all dammed— i beg your pardon— up inside? as i've often stated it's intolerable being tolerated "reassure henrik poor henrik henrik, you'll endure being pure, henrik" though i've been born, i've never been! how can i wait around for later? i'll be ninety on my deathbed and the late, or rather later henrik egerman! doesn't anything begin? soon, i promise soon i won't shy away dear old— soon, i want to soon, whatever you say even now when you're close and we touch and you're kissing my brow i don't mind it too much and you'll have to admit i'm endearing i help keep things humming i'm not domineering what's one small shortcoming? and think of how i adore you think of how much you love me if i were perfect for you wouldn't you tire of me soon all too soon dear old—? henrik! that racket! your father's sleeping. later. soon "later"... i promise when is "later"? soon "later, henrik, later" i won't shy away all you ever hear is "yes, we now, henrik oh, henrik everyone agrees, henrik" dear old— "please, henrik!" soon now, as the sweet imbecilities "later"... i want too when is "later"? all you ever her is soon trip on my trouser leg stendhal "later, henrik, later" whatever you as i've often stated: eliminates a, but when? say when? even maybe now soon later when you're close and we touch soon i'll be ninety and dead and you're kissing my brow when i'm kissing your brow and i'm stroking your head i don't mind it too much you'll come into my bed and you'll have to admit since i have to admit i'm endearing i've been hearing i find peering i help keep things humming all those tremulous cries through life's gray windows impatiently i'm not domineering patiently, not not very cheering what's one small shortcoming? interfering with those tremulous thighs do i fear death? let it and come to me think of how i adore you soon now think of how much you love me soon now if i were perfect for you soon now wouldn't you tire of me soon now later? come to me soon if i'm dead, i can wait we will, later straight to me never mind how how can i we will... live until darling soon later now i still want and/or love you later... soon now as always later... soon now, desiree ladies and gentlemen! may i have your attention, please! do you wake every morning in shame and despair to discover your pillow is covered with hair or ought not to be there? well, ladies and gentlemen from now on you can waken at ease! you need never again have a worry or care i will show you a miracle, marvelous, rare gentleman, you are about to see something wot rose from the dead! on the top of my head t'was pirelli's miracle elixir that's what did the trick, sir true, sir, true was it quick sir? did it in a tick, sir just like an elixir ought to do! how about a bottle mister? only costs a penny guaranteed does pirelli's stimulate the growth, sir? you can have my oath, sir 'tis unique rub a minute stimulatin', i'nt? soon you'll have to thin it once a week! pardon me ma'm what's that awful stench? are we standing near an open trench? pardon me sir what's that awful stench? must be standing near an open trench buy pirelli's miracle elixir anything more slick, sir, soon sprouts curls try pirelli's when they see how thick, sir you can have your pick, sir of the girls! wanna buy a bottle misses? what is this? what is this? smells like piss smells like, ew! what is this? this is piss. piss with ink i wouldn't touch it if i was you, dear let pirelli's activate your roots, sir keep it off your boots, sir, eats right through yes get pirelli's use a bottle of it ladies seem to love it flies do too what may i do for you today sir? stylish trimming of the hair? soothing skin massage? sit, sir. sit you see, sir, a man infatuate with love her ardent and eager slave so fetch the pomade and pumice stone and lend me a more seductive tone a sprinkling perhaps of french cologne, but first, sir, i think a shave the closest i ever gave in a merry mood today, mr. todd? 'tis your delight, sir, catching fire from one man to the next 'tis true, sir, love can still inspire the blood to pound, the heart leap higher. what more? what more... ...can man require... ...than love, sir? more than love, sir? what, sir? women ah yes, women pretty women now then, my friend now to your purpose patience. enjoy it revenge can’t be taken in haste make haste and if we wed you’ll be commended, sir my lord… and who may it be said is your intended, sir? my ward and pretty as a rosebud pretty as her mother? what? what was that? nothing, sir. nothing may we proceed? pretty women... fascinating sipping coffee... dancing pretty women are a wonder pretty women sitting in the window or standing on the stair something in them cheers the air pretty women silhouetted... stay within you glancing... stay forever... ...breathing lightly pretty women pretty women! blowing out the candles or... combing out their hair combing out their hair then they leave even when they leave they still... even when they leave you and vanish they somehow can still can remain.... ...out there there with you there, there are there with you are pretty women at their mirrors in their gardens letter-writing flower-picking weather-watching how they make a man sing! proof of heaven as you're living pretty women! sir! pretty women! yes! pretty women oh! pretty women! pretty women! pretty women! once upon a time in a far-off kingdom there lay a small village at the edge of the woods i wish and in this village more than anything lived a young maiden more than life more than jewels a carefree young lad i wish more than life and a childless baker i wish with his wife more than anything more than the moon i wish the king is giving a festival more than life i wish i wish to go to the festival more than riches and the ball i wish my cow would give us some milk more than anything i wish we had a child please, pal i want a child squeeze, pal i wish to go to the festival i wish you'd give us some milk or even cheese i wish i wish we might have a child i wish you wish to go to the festival? the poor girl's parents had died you, cinderella, the festival? you wish to go to the festival? what, you, cinderella, the festival? the festival?! what, you wish to go to the festival? the festival? the king's festival? and now she lived with her stepmother the festival? ha! who had two daughters of her own look at your nails! look at your dress! people would laugh at you nevertheless i still want to go to the festival and dance before the prince ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha all three were beautiful of face, but vile and black of heart the young lad had no father and his mother i wish well, she was at her wit's end i wish my son were not a fool i wish my house was not a mess i wish the cow was full of milk i wish the walls were full of gold i wish a lot of things what in heaven's name are you doing with the cow inside the house? i thought if he got nice and warm he might produce some milk it's a she how many times do i have to tell you only she's can give milk? and then there was a hungry little girl who always wore a red cape i wish it's not for me it's for my granny in the woods a loaf of bread, please to bring my poor old hungry granny in the woods just a loaf of bread, please cinderella, if you can pick up these lentils and finish your chores in time then you may go to the ball with us come along ladies yes, mother good luck come, little birds down from the eaves and the leaves over fields out of castles and ponds now, squeeze, pal ahhhhhhhhhh quick, little birds flick through the ashes pick and peck, but swiftly sift through the ashes into the pot now listen to me well, son milky-white must be taken to market but, mother, no he's the best cow in the world was she has been dry for weeks now with no food or money we've got no choice but to sell her look at her but, milky-white's my best friend look at her there are bugs on her dugs there are flies in her eyes there's a lump on her rump big enough to be a hump but we've no time to sit and dither while she wither's wither with her and no one keeps a cow for a friend! sometimes i wonder what's going on in that head of yours into the woods it's time to go i hate to leave i have to go into the woods it's time, and so i must begin my journey into the woods and through the trees to where i am expected ma'am into the woods to grandmother's house into the woods to grandmother's house now you're certain of your way? the way is clear the light is good i have no fear nor no one should the woods are just trees the trees are just wood i sort of hate to ask it but do you have a basket? yes, we do i don't suppose you're planning on buying any of these oh, shhhh now, don't stray and be late, alright? you might save some of those sweets for granny? oh my just, leave it she's a thief! into the woods and down the dell the path is straight i know it well into the woods and who can tell what's waiting on the journey? into the woods to bring some bread to granny who is sick in bed never can tell what lies ahead for all that i know she's already dead but into the woods into the woods into the woods to grandmother's house and home before dark cinderella! get up here! fly, birds back to the sky we're waiting! back to the eaves and the leaves and the fields and the hurry up and do my hair, cinderella! are you really wearing that? here, i found a little tear, cinderella can't you hide it with a hat? you look beautiful i know she means me no she didn't mother said be good father said be nice that was always their advice so be nice, cinderella good, cinderella nice good good nice tighter! what's the good of being good if everyone is blind always leaving you behind? never mind, cinderella kind cinderella nice good nice kind good nice ow! not that tight! god! who might that be? we've sold our last loaf of bread! it's the witch from next-door we have no bread i don't want your bread then what is it you wish? it's not what i wish it's what you wish nothing cooking in that belly now is there? and there will never be unless you do exactly as i say in three days time a blue-moon will appear only then can the curse be, undone what curse? the one i placed on this house what are you talking about? in the past, when you were no more than a babe your father brought his young wife and you to this cottage they were a lovely couple but not lovely neighbors you see your mother was with child and she developed an unusual appetite she admired my beautiful garden and she told your father that what she wanted more than anything in the world, was greens, greens, nothing but greens: parsley, peppers, cabbages and celery asparagus and watercress and fiddle ferns and lettuce he said, "all right," but it wasn't, quite cause i caught him in the autumn in my garden one night! he was robbing me raping me rooting through my rutabaga raiding my arugula and ripping up the rampion my champion! my favorite! i should have laid a spell on him right there i could have turned him into stone or a dog... or a chair... but i let him have the rampion i'd lots to spare in return, however i said, "fair is fair: you can let me have the baby that your wife will bear and we'll call it square." i had a brother? no. but, you had a sister where is she? she's mine now! and you'll never find her small price to pay for what else your father stole from me it cost me my youth, my beauty my mother warned me she would punish me with the curse of ugliness if i ever lost any of them lost what? the beans beans? the special beans i'd let him go, i didn't know he'd stolen my beans i was watching him crawl back over the wall then bang! crash! a lightning flash! well, that's another story never mind anyway, at last the big day came and i made my claim "oh, don't take away the baby," they shrieked and screeched but i did and i hid her where she'll never be reached and your father cried and your mother died when for extra measure i admit it was a pleasure i said, "sorry i'm still not mollified." and i laid a little spell on them you, too, son that your family tree would always be a barren one how could you do that? and when your mother died your father deserted you your father was no father so why should you be? so there's no more fuss and there's no more scenes and my garden thrives you should see my nectarines! but i'm telling you the same i tell kings and queens: don't ever never ever mess around with my greens! especially the beans yeah, but why do we have to go to the next village? because, everyone in this village knows the cow hasn't given a drop of milk in weeks that's cheating! we're starving, jack! don't you understand that? now, you're not to accept less than five pounds for her are you listening to me? yes how much are you to ask? no more than five pounds less than five! than five! into the woods the time is now we have to live i don't care how into the woods to sell the cow you must begin the journey! straight to the woods and don't delay we have to face the marketplace into the woods to journey's end into the woods to sell a friend you wish to have the curse reversed? i'll need a certain potion first go to the woods and bring me back one: the cow as white as milk two: the cape as red as blood three: the hair as yellow as corn four: the slipper as pure as gold bring me these before the chime of midnight in three day's time tis' then the blue moon reappears which comes but once each hundred years just bring them and i guarantee a child as perfect as child can be go to the wood! ladies our carriage waits now may i go to the festival? the festival? darling, those nails! darling, those clothes! lentils are one thing but darling, with those you'd make us the fools of the festival and mortify the prince! the festival lasts three nights surely, you could let me be there for one of them the king is trying to find his son a wife! not a scullery maid! we must be gone! go! i wish beans? these must be the witch's beans! we'll take them with us we? yes! we? you're not coming it's not safe out there i can help you! no! i can do this on my own the spell is on my house only i can lift the spell the spell is on my house no, no, the spell is on our house we must lift the spell together the spell is on our house! now tell me what am i to return with? ugh, you don't remember? the cow as white as milk the cape as red as blood the hair as yellow as corn the slipper as pure as gold the cow as white as milk the cape as red as blood the hair as yellow as corn the slipper as pure as gold i still wish to go to the festival but how am i ever to get to the festival? the cow as white as milk the cape as red as blood the hair as yellow as corn i know! i'll visit mother's grave the grave at the willow tree and tell her i just want to go to the king's festival the slipper as pure as gold the cow, the cape the slipper as pure as gold the hair! into the woods it's time to go it may be all in vain, you/i know into the woods but even so i have to take the journey into the woods the path is straight you know it well but who can tell into the woods to lift the spell into the woods to visit mother into the woods to sell the cow! to get the money! to go to the festival! into the woods to grandmother's house! the way is clear the light is good i have no fear nor no one should the woods are just trees the trees are just wood no need to be afraid there there's something in the glade there into the woods without delay but careful not to lose the way into the woods who knows what may be lurking on the journey? into the woods to get the thing that makes it worth the journeying into the woods to see the king to sell the cow to make the potion to see to sell to get to bring to make to lift to go to the festival! into the woods! into the woods! into the woods then out of the woods and home before it's dark! isn't it rich? are we a pair? me here at last on the ground you in mid-air send in the clowns isn't it bliss? don't you approve? one who keeps tearing around one who can't move where are the clowns? send in the clowns just when i'd stopped opening doors finally knowing the one that i wanted was yours making my entrance again with my usual flair sure of my lines no one is there don't you love farce? my fault, i fear i thought that you'd want what i want sorry, my dear but where are the clowns? quick, send in the clowns don't bother, they're here isn't it rich? isn't it queer? losing my timing this late in my career? and where are the clowns? there ought to be clowns well, maybe next year... some people can get a thrill knitting sweaters and sitting still— that's okay for some people who don't know they're alive some people can thrive and bloom living life in a living room that's perfect for some people of one hundred and five! but i at least gotta try when i think of all the sights that i gotta see yet all the places i gotta play all the things that i gotta be yet come on, poppa, whaddaya say? some people can be content playing bingo and paying rent— that's peachy for some people for some hum drum people to be but some people ain't me! i had a dream a wonderful dream, poppa all about june and the orpheum circuit— gimme a chance and i know i can work it i had a dream just as real as can be, poppa there i was in mr. orpheum's office and he was saying to me: "rose! get yourself some new orchestrations new routines and red velvet curtains get a feathered hat for the baby photographs in front of the theatre get an agent—and in jig time you'll be being booked in the big time!" oh, what a dream a wonderful dream, poppa and all that i need is eighty-eight bucks, poppa that's what he said, poppa only eighty-eight bucks, poppa you ain't gettin' eighty-eight cents from me, rose! then i'll get it someplace else—but i'll get it and get my kids out! goodbye to blueberry pie! good riddance to all the socials i had to go to all the lodges i had to play all the shriners i said hello to— hey, l.a., i'm coming your way! some people sit on their butts got the dream—yeah, but not the guts! that's living for some people for some hum drum people, i suppose well, they can stay and rot— but not rose! could be! who knows? there’s something’ due any day; i will know right away soon as it shows it may come cannonballin’ down through the sky gleam in its eye bright as a rose! who knows? it’s only just out of reach down the block, on a beach under a tree i got a feelin’ there’s a miracle due gonna come true comin’ to me! could it be? yes, it could something’s coming, something good if i can wait! something’s comin’, i don’t know what it is but it is gonna be great! with a click, with a shock phone’ll jingle, door’ll knock open the latch! something’s comin’, don’t know when but it’s soon catch the moon one-handed catch! around the corner or whistling’ down the river come on deliver to me! will it be? yes, it will maybe just by holdin’ still it’ll be there! come on, something, come on in don’t be shy meet a guy pull up a chair! the air is hummin’ and something great is comin’! who knows? it’s only just out of reach down the block, on a beach maybe tonight maybe tonight maybe tonight sooner or later you're gonna be mine sooner or later you're gonna be fine baby, it's time that you faced it— i always get my man sooner or later you're gonna decide sooner or later there's nowhere to hide baby, it's time, so why waste it in chatter? let's settle the matter baby, you're mine on a platter— i always get my man but if you insist, babe the challenge delights me the more you resist, babe the more it excites me and no one i've kissed, babe ever fights me again if you're on my list it's just a question of when when i get a yen then baby, amen i'm counting to ten... and then... i'm gonna love you like nothing you've known i'm gonna love you and you all alone sooner is better than later but, lover i'll hover i'll plan this time i'm not only getting i'm holding my man what did i clearly say? children must listen no, please! what were you not to do? children must see and learn no! why could you not obey? children should listen what have i been to you? what would you have me be? handsome like a prince? ah, but i am old, i am ugly, i embarrass you no! you are ashamed of me no! you are ashamed you don't understand i am no longer a child. i wish to see the world. don't you know what's out there in the world? someone has to shield you from the world stay with me princes wait there in the world, it's true princes, yes, but wolves and humans, too stay at home, i am home who out there could love you more than i? what out there that i cannot supply? stay with me stay with me, the world is dark and wild stay a child while you can be a child with me i gave you protection, and yet you disobeyed me. no your prince will never lay eyes on you again. he will never lay eyes on anything again. what did you do to him? ordinary mothers lead ordinary lives mop the floors and chop the parsley mend the clothes and tend the children ordinary mothers, like ordinary wives make the beds and bake the pies and wither on the vine— not mine dying by inches every night— what a glamorous life! pulled on by winches to recite— what a glamorous life! ordinary mothers never get the flowers and ordinary mothers never know the joys but ordinary mothers couldn't cough for hours maintaining their poise sandwiches only but she eats what she wants when she wants sometimes it’s lonely but she meets many handsome gallants ordinary mothers don't live out of cases but ordinary mothers don't go different places which ordinary mothers can’t do being mothers all day mine's away in a play and she's realer than they... what if her brooch is only glass and her costumes unravel? what if her coach is second class? she at least gets to travel and sometime this summer, meaning soon she'll be traveling to me! sometime this summer, maybe june i'm the new place she'll see! ordinary daughters may think life is better with ordinary mothers near them when they choose but ordinary daughters seldom get a letter enclosing reviews! gay and resilient with applause— what a glamorous life! speeches are brilliant if they're shaw's— what a glamorous life! ordinary mothers needn’t meet committees but ordinary mothers don’t get keys to cities no, ordinary mothers merely see their children all year which is lovely, i hear but it does interfere with the glamorous— i am the princess, guarded by dragons snorting and grumbling and rumbling in wagons she's in her kingdom, wearing disguises living a life that is full of surprises and sometime this summer she’ll come galloping over the green! sometime this summer to the rescue, my mother the queen! ordinary mothers thrive on being private but ordinary mothers somehow can survive it and ordinary others never know they're just standing still with the kettles to fill while they're missing the thrill of the glamorous life! only you, you’re the only thing i’ll see forever in my eyes, in my words and in everything i do nothing else but you ever and there’s nothing for me but maria every sight that i see is maria tony, tony… always you, every thought i’ll ever know everywhere i go, you’ll be all the world is only you and me tonight, tonight it all began tonight i saw you and the world went away tonight, tonight there’s only you tonight what you are, what you do, what you say today, all day i had the feeling a miracle would happen i know now i was right for here you are and what was just a world is a star tonight tonight, tonight the world is full of light with suns and moons all over the place tonight, tonight the world is wild and bright going mad, shooting sparks into space today the world was just an address a place for me to live in no better than all right but here you are and what was just a world is a star tonight good night, good night sleep well, and when you dream dream of me tonight what can you lose? only the blues why keep concealing everything you're feeling? say it to her— what can you lose? maybe it shows— she's had clues which she chose to ignore maybe though she knows and just wants to go on as before— as a friend, nothing more so she closes the door well, if she does those are the dues once the words are spoken something may be broken— still, you love her what can you lose? but what if she goes? at least now, you have part of her— what if she had to choose? leave it alone hold it all in better a bone don't even begin with so much to win there's too much to lose 1. and now we'd like to know just when our ship three girls in a boat, welcome in. three girls who've been smitten sadly, all anchors away. three nwdens afloat, trusting in fate. don't know where we are going. three kids on a keel, all we want to say, though we have been smitten sadly, someone will note we're hoping that w~-e the three girls in a boat. will catch us a date, before we run out of bait. we hope the gods will not be cross, we have never caught an albatross. 2. give us air thank you, we've had our fill 17 a slice of sky that we can share; though it really has been a thrill, a hunk of heaven way up there. it's too much for us, this feminine fuss and frill. give us air. over )and or sea and though we loved the tea or mountain, we and the elegant coterie, we would run amuck28 in all of this luxury. don't care. anytime-anywhere, we should blow give us air. because we know there's a place we ought to go. 3. lex: 11 then music burst from the heavens above,we'll leave the teeming world behind, and reach out where the pleasures be. angels began to sing. a brighter song of life we'll find; ah! we'll be in love and ever free. [dancing.] let others age and lose the spark; and leave their happy song unsung; women: our life will be a joyous lark, you'll never change at all; we'll be in love and ever young. when you love this way, you don't change at all. 4. that i'm complete could we take a journey to the moon? by you alone. pbtbr: (speaking] a nightingale made music in a tree, baby! any place that has a good saloon. and heaven seemed to smile on you and me, baby! but i woke up, christopher: [singing] and all broke up; could we ride a rocket to a star? my jug of wine, my loaf of bread and thou, baby! any place that has a friendly bar. that was quite a dream! could we find a world of strange delight? a jug of wine, a loaf of bread and thou, baby! like the world i dreamed the you stared at me the way you're staring other night? now, baby! your eyes ashine, a jug of wine, a loaf of bread and thou, baby! (and what a pair!) i dreamed we sat beneath a scented your face near mine, bough, baby! (oh keep it there!) my heart beats so! our arms entwine (d'ya hear it beat?) and you declare you're mine alone. rm allaglow! the fragrance of gardenia filled your hair, baby! (d'yamind the heat?) 5. the yellow dust of moonlight lit the air, baby! but l woke up, and all broke up; my jug of wine, my loaf of bread-and wow!-babyl sion. the song also forms the finale of the show, sung this time by katherine to peter. i love you this morning! my heart sings: what a day! i love you this morning; love the glow in your cheek, and the blush when you speak, and the way that you say i love you this morning! my heart sings: all is right! i love you this morning! more and more ev'ry way, for i love you today even more than i did last night. i love you this morning! my heart sings: what a day! i love you this morning! love the bounce in your walk, and the zing when you talk, and the way that you say i love you this morning! my heart sings: all is right! i love you this morning; more and more ev'ry way, for i love you today, even more than i did last night! i love you this morning! my heart sings: what a day! i love you this morning; love the glow in your cheek, and the blush when you speak, and the way that you say i love you this morning! my heart sings: all is right! i love you this morning; more and more ev'ry way, for i love you today even more than i did last night! ensemble: [overlapping with i love you this morning! my heart sings: all is right! i love you this morning; even more than i did last night! i love you this morning! i love you this morning! my heart sings: what a day! my heart sings: all is right! i love you this morning; i love you this morning; love the glow in your cheek, more and more ev'ry way and the blush when you speak, for i love you today and the way that you say ... even more than i did last night! where's my wife? 6. or ye won't ken harry beaton! another day! harry beaton! run an' get 'im! if he comes into sight run an' get 'nn! hold him fast! many lives are depending on it! run, ye men, or ye this must not end tonight! will never see tuey must know that tomorrow is really another momin'! gonna come! go an' stop 'im! go an' stop 'im! run an' get' im! run, ye highland men, run an' get 'im! or ye won't ken spread your human net another day! but don't forget angus: that time's agin ye! beaton sure came this way, go an' stop 'im! an'we canna be too far behind 'im, laddie. go an' stop 'im! ye, there, head for the brae! keep your eye ope' or ye winna find 'im, laddie! run, ye highland men, or ye won't ken another day! i'll go down to the creek, an', by god, if i see 'im i'll throw 'im in it! run an' get 'im! run an' get 'im! search the hill to the peak! [there is a sudden discord in the orchestra and find 'iln, lads, or tomorrow will never, then silence. sandy, stuart, angus and the oth.never come! ers enter. sandy and angus are dragging harry's body. angus kneels down over the body, looks up at the others, and sings:] run an' get 'im! run an' get 'im! angus: run an' get 'im now lads, say a prayer, i'm afraid harry beaton is dead! or ye won't plough another meadow! looks like he fell on a rock and it crushed in his go an' stop 'im! head. go an' stop 'im! nobody wanted for harry to be smitten down! au that we wished was to keep 'im from leavin' the town. look ye, i understand! there's no sense for us all to be sad about it! this was clear god's own hand, an' we all should be grateful an' glad about it! though it may be very true what the lad here has said; don't tell the rest till tomorrow that harry is dead! they'll find he's dead tomorrow! tell them all is right! there should be no more sorrow on this weddin' night. thanks to heaven! thanks to heaven! thank the pow'rs that be, ye all will see another mornin'! thanks to heaven! thanks to heaven! thank an' thank again, ye'll ken another day! there but for you go i after the hunt, fiona encounters tommy. it is the end of the day and it is nearly time for them to part, but tommy finally realizes that he truly is in love. in "there but for you go i," he sings about seeing himself through the experiences of other people: in his mind's eye, he can envision what lonely men are like when they are not in love and realizes he is not one of them. this is hard to say, but as i wandered through the lea i felt for just a fleeting moment that i suddenly was free of being lonely; then i closed my eyes and saw the very reason why. i saw a man with his head bowed low. his heart had no place to go. i looked and i thought to myself with a sigh: there but for you go i. i saw a man walking by the sea. alone with the tide was he. i looked and i thought as i watched him go by: there but for you go i. lonely men around me, trying not to cry. till the day you found me, there among them was i. i saw a man who had never known a love that was all his own. i thought as i thanked all the stars in the sky: there but for you go i. 7. ... i did think the minute you'd get in town you'd call me ... or come to me ... or in fact ... come to me, bend to me, kiss me good day! darlin', my darlin', 'tis all i can say. jus' come to me, bend to me, kiss me good day! gie me your lips an' don't take them away! • • . why don't we take mr. jackson's house? it's far away and right on the top of a high, beautiful hill ... · ··through the heather on the hill. but when the mist is in the gloamin', an' all the clouds are holdin' still, if ye're not there i won't go roamin' through the heather on the hill· ' the heather on the ... (tommy turns to jane. there is a blackout on the stage, except for the bar area, where the lights come up. he calls off the wedding for good.] ... i refuse to stand here and argue with you in this bar! let's go home and ... (tommy's mind turns to charlie and the towns.folk, and he sees and hears them.] go home, go home, go home with bonnie jean! go home, go home, i'll go home with bonnie jean! ... so think that over, mr. albright, when you're all alone! (she exits. fiona appears aga1·n, st an d"mg very close to tommy.] i think real loneliness is not be1·n• ,· n 1ove m• vam• but not bein' in love at all. you understood, fiona-i didn't. you walkin' through the heather when we were there together, that's all i'll see from this day on. tommy: [speaking] you were right. it never faded. [singing] these hurried hours were all the life we could share. still i will go with not a tear, just a prayer thatfiona: through all the years to come an' through all the tears to come fiona and tommy: i know i'll be yours from this day on. [fiona begins to walk away, and the ensemble is heard from upstage.] chorus: come ye from the hills! come ye from the mills! come ye in the glen! come ye, bairn, come ye, men ... [the song gets louder and louder until tommy grabs the phone at the bar to tell jeff he is going back to scotland.] 8. for ye see what ye really are need in;life can be very bonnie around ye is the laddie who owns the inn. bright an' gay as the plaid o' your clan. but whenever ye're dreary and want to get cheery there's nothin' like a man. an' whenever ye're wan tin' to marry; an' ye're thinkin' o' startin' a clan. one night when ye're blue as a berry. both a queen or a wench'll allalone an' with nothin' to do; admit he's essential; yego to an inn to get merry there's nothin' like a man. with a bucket o' whiskey or two. no, there's nothin' like a man. butalthough gettin' drunk ye succeed in; still your frown never turns to a grin. 9. but they never hear me. i talk to the trees but they don't listen to me. i will tell you all the books i've read; the breeze hasn't time and the way i met the king of france. to stop and hear what i say. i talk to them all in vain. but suddenly my words reach someone else's ear;27 touch someone else's heartstrings, too. 1tell you my dreams 28 and while you're list'ning to me, i suddenly see them come true. i can see us on an april night sipping brandy underneath the stars. reading poems in the candlelight to the strumming of guitars. then i'll send the servants off to bed; and i'll ask you for a dance. but suddenly my words reach someone else's ear; touch someone else's heartstrings, too. i tell you my dreams and while you're list'ning to me, i suddenly see them come true. 10. ennifer: i know how to say: "ou est la plume?" i have knowledge to spare in my head i can write. i can dance. and there're so many books i have read, i can curtsy but not but whatever i've learned, make an indian squat. far as i am concerned, one and one always add up to two. i was storing up all for him. i don't know why they do, but they do. alexander, they tell me, was great; but it's all right with me, mozart wrote a sonata at eight. and i won't disagree when he feels like a chat, 'cause i figure it's all for him. wecan talk about that; nero fiddled while rome was afire. 'cause i studied it all for him. if he didn't, then someone's a liar. allfor him! all for him it's important, i guess, will the sun and the moon never dim. but it isn't unless allfor him! all for him! he was doing it all for him. allfor him, all for him, all for him! all for him! all for him! there's a summer and winter and fall; i can say, "thank you, no" in a way that comes out, "thank you, yes!" all for him! all for him! everything i ever knew, i can knit. i can sew. and all i ever do, is all for him! 11. i was born under a wand'rin' star. i was born under a wand'rin' star. i was born under a wand'rin' star. iwasborn under a wand'rin' star. do i know where hell is? wheelsare made for rollin', hell is in hello. heaven is "goodbye forever. mulesare made to pack. i never seen a sight that didn't it's time for me to go." i was born under a wand'rin' star, look better lookin' back. a wand'rin', wand'rin' star. i was born under a wand'rin' star. i was born under a wand'rin' star. mud can make you pris'ner and the plains can i was born under a wand'rin' star. bake you dry. when i get to heaven, snowcan bum your eyes but only people make tie me to a tree; you cry. or i'll begin to roam and soonhome is made for comin' from, for dreams of you know where i will be. goin' to, i was born under a wand'rin' star,which,with any luck, will never come true. a wand'rin', wand'rin' star. 12. i can see her now; damn! damn! damn! damn! mrs. freddy eynsford-hill, i've grown accustomed to her face! in a wretched little flat above a store. she almost makes the day begin. i can see her now: i've grown accustomed to the tune not a penny in the till, she whistles night and noon. and a bill collector beating at the door. her smiles, her frowns, her ups, her downs, she'll try to teach the things i taught her, are second nature to me now; and end up selling flow'rs instead; like breathing out and breathing in. begging for her bread and water, i was serenely independent and content before while her husband has his breakfast in bed! we met: in a year or so, surely i could always when she's prematurely grey, be that way again-and yet i've grown accustomed to her looks; and the blossoms in her cheek have turned to chalk, accustomed to her voice; accustomed to her face. she'll come home and lo! he'll have upped and run away marry freddy! what an with a social climbing heiress from new york' infantile ideal poor eliza' what a heartless, wicked, brainless thing to do! but she'll regret it! she'll regret it. how simply frightful! how humiliating! it's doomed before they even take the vow! the' complete letter is reproduced in mchugh~ alan --:;ay lerner,s9-6i 2jo j thi! complete lyrics of alan jay lerner ,,,. sststiuly) how delightful. r[ill lifl\~ poignant it will be on that inevitable night, \\'hen sh<.' hammers on my door in tears nnd rags. f\fo;erableand lonely, repentant and contrite. will i kt her in or hurl her to the wolves? givther kindness or the treatment she deserves? willi take her back, or throw the baggage out? h sudden benevolence.) w1 a most forgiving man;~2 ,ing) the sort who never could, ·ould, i position and staunchly never budge. a most forgiving man. sudden vindictiveness.] r , ,hall never take her back, e were crawling on her knees. let her promise to atone! let her shiver, let her moan! 1will slam the door and let the hellcat freeze. [spbakingj marry freddy! hal [singing) but i'm so used to hear her say: good morning every day. her joys, her woes, her highs, her lows are second nature to me now; like breathing out and breathing in. i'm very grateful she's a woman and so easy to forget; rather like a habit one can always break-and yet i've grown accustomed to the trace of something in the air; accustomed to her face. 13. thank heaven for little girls! for little girls get bigger every day. exhibit a: the married kind. thank heaven for little girls! 'fhese ladies stood their ground and won, they grow up in the most delightful way. and salute them ev'ry one. those little eyes so helpless and appealing here are some others to behold one day will flash for whom the bells have never tolled. and send you crashing to the ceiling! oh, what a poor defenseless pair, in those pathetic rags they wear. thank heaven for little girls! thank heaven for them all, each time i see a little girl no matter where, no matter who. if five or six or seven, without them what would little boys do? 1ran't resist the 27 joyous urge smile and say thank heaven .. . thank heaven .. . thank heaven for little girls! it's a bore 14. let me fix your bow. baden-baden? i adore you so. evians-les-bains? darling, you're divine! what about the bottom of the rhine? what? da-da-da-da fool ... da-da-da to part. da-da-da-da-da-da-da a tart. da-da-da lachailles ... da-da sandomir ... da-da-da-da-da-da on her ear. may i stay up late for supper? what time tomorrow will we get there? is it awf'lly, awf'lly upper? can i watch you play roulette there? 5 she is not, no, she's not, oh, she's not, she is not oh, she's not, oh, she's not, thinking of me ... let her be enthused . . . , you'll drive us wild. i cannot remember p you silly child. when i have been more amused. is ev'rybody celebrated, the night they invented champagne, fullof sin and dissipated? it's plain as it can be is it hot enough to blister? they thought of you and me. wi.111 be your little sister? the night they invented champagne, they absolutely knew t,1anta: that allwe'd want to dog 1, you are absurd. is fly to the sky on champagne, another word. and shout to ev'ryone in sight that since the world began, ga ron: i i er gush and jabber, no woman or a man has ever been as happy as we are tonight! reprise (london production} ho 'orb: the help that it would be. tonight they invented champagne, im not exactly sure with each little drop of champagne, they thought about !'amour ... i raise my glass up high and say: since adam met the snake, the night they invented champagne, no pleasure-loving rake the monks could not foresee has ever been as happy as i am today. 15. look at her, a pris'ner of the gutters; condemned by ev'ry syllable she utters. by right she should be taken out and hung for the cold-blooded murder of the english tongue! a-0-0-0-w! aooooow! heavens, what a noise. this is what the british population calls an element'ry education. come, sir. i think you picked a poor example. did i? hear them down in soho square dropping aitches ev'rywhere, speaking english any way they like. to one of the costermongers at the fire. you, sir, did you go to school? cockney: whatya tike me fer, a fool? no one taught him "take" instead of "tike." hear a yorkshireman, or worse, hear a cornishman converse. i'd rather hear a choir singing flat. chickens cackling in a barn just like this one -! garn! garn! i ask you, sir, what sort of word is that? it's "aoooow" and "garn" that keep her in her place, not her wretched clothes and dirty face. why can't the english teach their children how to speak? this verbal class distinction by now should be antique. if you spoke as she does, sir, instead of the way you do, why, you might be selling flowers, too. i beg your pardon! why can't the english teach their children how to speak? • taught their greek. in france every frenchman knows his language from "pt to "zed." [speaking) the french never care what they do, actually, as long as they pronounce it properly. norwegians learn norwegian; the greeks are arabians learn arabian with the speed of summer lightning. the hebrews learn it backwards, which is absolutely frightening. but use proper english, you're regarded as a freak. oh, why can't the english, why can't the english learn to speak? 16. any second now they'll begin to run. ev'ry duke and earl and peer is here. hark! a bell is ringing, ev'ry one who should be here is here. they are springing what a smashing, positively dashing spectacle: the ascot op'ning day. forward. look! it has begun .. • ! at the gate are all the horses waiting for the cue to fly away. [in stony silence and with a reserve indistin. what a gripping, absolutely ripping guishable from boredom they observe the prog. moment at the ascot op'ning day. ress of the race.] pulses rushing! what a frenzied moment that was! faces flushing! didn't they maintain an exhausting pace? heartbeats speed up! 'twas a thrilling, absolutely chilling 1 have never been so keyed up! running of the ascot op'ning race. end of gavotte there they are again, they are ready for it. lining up to run. look! it has begun ... ! now they're holding steady; 17. the heavens tumble, speak and the world is full of singing, darling, and i'm-and i am winging higher than the birds. touch and my heart begins to crumble, words! words! words! i'm so sick of words! i get words all day through; sing me no song! first from him, now from you! read me no rhyme! is that all you blighters can do? don't waste my time, show me! [)on't talk of stars burning above; don't talk of june! 44 1you're in love, don't talk of fall! ~owme! don't talk at all! show me! ~ume no dreams 'led with desire. never do i ever want to hear another word. ;ou're on fire, there isn't one i haven't heard. l.iowme! here we are together in what ought to be a dream; ere we are together in the middle of the night! say one more word and i'll scream! don't talk of spring! just hold me tight! anyone who's ever been in love'll tell you that haven't your arms this is no time for a chat! hungered for mine? please don't "expl'ine," haven't your lips show me! show me! longed for my touch? don't say how much, don't wait until wrinkles and lines show me! show me! pop out all over my brow, show me now! don't talk of love lasting through time. make me no undying vow. show me now! 18. there's just a few more hours, that's all the time you've got. a few more hours before they tie the knot. there are drinks and girls all over london and i have to track 'em down in just a few more hours. 45 i'm getting married in the morning! ding dong! the bells are gonna chime. pull out the stopper! let's have a whopper! but get me to the church on time! i gotta be there in the mornin', spruced up and lookin' in me prime. girls, come and kiss me; show how you'll miss me. but get me to the church on time! if i am dancin', roll up the floor. if i am whistlin', whewt me out the door! for i'm getting married in the mornin'! ding dong! the bells are gonna chime. kick up a rumpus, but don't lose the compass; and get me to the church, get me to the church, for gawd's sake,46 get me to the church on time. • married in the morning! j'mgettmg . d g' the bells are gonna chime. dmg on · drug me or jail me, stamp me and mail me. but get me to the church on time. i gotta be there in the morning, spruced up and lookin' in me prime. some bloke who's able, lift up the table, and get me to the church on time. if i am flying, then shoot me down, if i am wooin', get her out of town! for i'm getting married in the morning! ding dong! the bells are gonna chime. feather and tar me; callout the army; but get me to the church, get me to the church, for gawd's sake, get me to the church on time. starlight is reelin' home to bed now. mornin' is smearin' up the sky. london is wakin', daylight is breakin'; good luck, old chum. good health, goodbye. 45 in a lyric sheet from lc-wcc, doolittle has the following two stanzas in place of this spoken dialogue (no music survives for the first of these): if i had stayed a bachelor all my life, there's just a few more hours i could have had a beer in ev'ry pub in town; that's left to have some fun; i would have met a dozen different girls a week; a few more hours and every night put half a pint of whiskey down. for doing everything i would have done. for the original cast album, this was changed to "be sure and." the original published sheet music has "for pete's sake." i'm gettin' married in the mornin'! ding, dong! the bells are gonna chime! then haul off and boot me. and get me to the church, get me to the church, for gawd's sake get me to the church on time. ill at land salute me, 19. higgins: why can't a woman be more like a man? whatin all of heaven could have prompted men are so honest, so thoroughly square; her to go? eternally noble, historically fair; after such a triumph at the ball? who when you win will always give your what could have depressed her? back a pat. why can't a woman be like that? what could have possessed her? why does ev'ry one do what the others do? i cannot understand the wretch at all. can't a woman learn to use her head? [dialogue.] why do they do everything their mothers do? why can't they grow up like their father instead? women are irrational, that's all there is to that! their heads are full of cotton, hay and rags! why can't a woman take after a man? they're nothing but exasperating, irritating, men are so pleasant, so easy to please; vacillating, calculating, agitating, whenever you're with them, you're always at ease. maddening, and infuriating hags! would you be slighted if i didn't speak for hours? 20. well, i'll tell you what the king is i know what my people are thinking tonight, doing tonight: as home through the shadows they wander. he's scared! he's scared! ev'ryone smiling in secret delight, [he paces up and down, debating the subject they stare at the castle and ponder. whenever the wind blows this way, with himself.] you can almost hear ev'ryone say: you mean that a king who fought a dragon, i wonder what the king is doing tonight. whack'd him in two and fix'd his wagon, what merriment is the king goes to be wed in terror and distress? pursuing tonight? yes! the candles at the court, they never burn'd as bright. a warrior who's so calm in battle i wonder what the king is up to tonight. even his armor doesn't rattle, faces a woman petrified with fright? how goes the final hour [fairly shouting his rage.] right! as he sees the bridal bower being legally and regally prepared? you mean that appalling clamoring that sounds like a blacksmith hammering jythe banging of his royal knees? ismere and oh, the expectation,[painfully.] please! the sublime anticipation he must feel about the wedding night to come! yonnder what the king is wishing you wo tonight .•• well! i'll tell you what the king is feeling fishing he were in scotland fishing tonight: tonight. he's numb! he shakes! v,'rjt occupies his time while waiting for he quails! he quakes! , bride? oh, that's what the king is doing tonight! he searching high and low for some place to lay. 21. st. genevieve! st. genevieve! [suddenly lost, she becomes suddenly plaintive it's guenevere! remember me? again.] st. genevieve! st. genevieve! i'mover here beneath this tree. oh, genevieve, st. genevieve, you know how faithful and devout i am. where were you when my youth was sold? you must admit i've always been a lamb. dear genevieve, sweet genevieve, shan't i be young before i'm old? but genevieve, st. genevieve, [with vehement rebellion.] where are the simple joys of maidenhood? 1won't obey you anymore! where are all those adoring, daring boys? you've gone a bit too far. where's the knight pining so for me i won't be bid and bargain'd for he leaps to death in woe for me? l"k 1 e beads at a bazaar. oh, where are a maiden's simple joys? shan't i have the normal life a maiden should? !t. genevieve, i've run away, luded them and fled· shall i never be rescued in the wood? and from now on i in~end to pray 1be rain rnay never fall till after sundown. byeight the morning fog must disappear. hart there's simply not amore con gem spo for happ'ly-ever-aftering than here l" eamelot. ialogue. "'elot! camelot! i know it gives a person pause, but in camelot, camelot, those are the legal laws. the snow may never slush upon the hillside. by nine p.m. the moonlight must appear. in short, there's simply not amore congenial spot for happ'ly-ever-aftering than here in camelot. 22. walk through an em'rald door ... car from day, far from night ... and for thousands of out of time, out of sight ..breathless evermores my life you shall be. followme ... only you, only i, ry the rain, warm the snow ... world farewell. world goodbye. ~ere the winds never go ... to our home 'neath the sea we shall fly, follow me. to cave by a sapphire shore 23. a knight of the table round should be invincible; camelot! camelot! succeed where a less fantastic man would fail; in far off france i heard 28 your call. climb a wall no one else can climb; camelot! camelot! cleave a dragon in record time; and here am29 i to give my all. swim a moat in a coat of heavy iron mail. i know in my soul what you no matter the pain he ought to be unwinceable. expect of me; impossible deeds should be his daily fare. and all that and more i shall be! but where in the world april's bloom ev'rywhere; come and see. come and see. always green, always there; follow me. 24. i can smile and say: before i gaze at you again that i can gaze at you again i'll need a time for tears. without a blush or qualm,beforei gaze at you again my eyes a-shine like new again,let hours turn to years. my manner poised and calm. i have so much forgetting to do stay far away,53 beforei try to gaze again at you. my love, far away! till i forget i gazed at you today ... today ... stay away until you cross my mind today.54 barely once a day; till the moment i awake and find we gaze again, no sign of fear, goodbye ... goodbye ... goodbye. not even a sigh, and so till when d "and so till when we gaze again,/ goodbye, goodbye, goodbye." 25. how i'd leave in autumn, i never would know. if ever i would leave you, i've seen how you sparkle it wouldn't be in summer; when fall nips the air. seeing you in summer, i never would go. i know you in autumn your hair streaked with sunlight ... and i must be there. your lips red as flame ... your face with a luster and could i leave you running merrily through that puts gold to shame. the snow? or on a wintry evening when you catch the but if i'd ever leave you, fire's glow? it couldn't be in autumn. 